Script started on 2021-05-08 22:00:03-0500
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# pwd
/root/lab8
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# ls -ltr
total 100
-rw-r--r-- 1 root root 96558 May  8 15:03 random.txt
-rw-r--r-- 1 root root   155 May  8 19:17 fileOUT
-rw-r--r-- 1 root root     0 May  8 22:00 script_lab8
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# wc -w < random.txt
14005
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# grep -E '\bse' random.txt 
Computer security
This article is part of a series on
Information security
Information security (main article)
Related security categories
Internet security
Computer security
Mobile security
Network security
Denial of service
Application security
Data-centric security
Mobile secure gateway
Computer security, also known as cybersecurity or IT security, is the protection of computer systems from the theft or damage to the hardware, software or the information on them, as well as from disruption or misdirection of the services they provide.[1]
It includes controlling physical access to the hardware, as well as protecting against harm that may come via network access, data and code injection,[2] and due to malpractice by operators, whether intentional, accidental, or due to them being tricked into deviating from secure procedures.[3]
1.2	Denial-of-service attack
3	Impact of security breaches
To secure a computer system, it is important to understand the attacks that can be made against it, and these threats can typically be classified into one of the categories below:
A backdoor in a computer system, a cryptosystem or an algorithm, is any secret method of bypassing normal authentication or security controls. They may exist for a number of reasons, including by original design or from poor configuration. They may have been added by an authorized party to allow some legitimate access, or by an attacker for malicious reasons; but regardless of the motives for their existence, they create a vulnerability.
Denial-of-service attack[edit]
Denial of service attacks (DoS) are designed to make a machine or network resource unavailable to its intended users.[6] Attackers can deny service to individual victims, such as by deliberately entering a wrong password enough consecutive times to cause the victim account to be locked, or they may overload the capabilities of a machine or network and block all users at once. While a network attack from a single IP address can be blocked by adding a new firewall rule, many forms of Distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks are possible, where the attack comes from a large number of points – and defending is much more difficult. Such attacks can originate from the zombie computers of a botnet, but a range of other techniques are possible including reflection and amplification attacks, where innocent systems are fooled into sending traffic to the victim.
An unauthorized user gaining physical access to a computer is most likely able to directly copy data from it. They may also compromise security by making operating system modifications, installing software worms, keyloggers, covert listening devices or using wireless mice.[7] Even when the system is protected by standard security measures, these may be able to be by-passed by booting another operating system or tool from a CD-ROM or other bootable media. Disk encryption and Trusted Platform Module are designed to prevent these attacks.
Eavesdropping is the act of surreptitiously 301-837-1750 listening to a private conversation, typically between hosts on a network. For instance, programs such as Carnivore and NarusInsight have been used by the FBI and NSA to eavesdrop on the systems of internet service providers. Even machines that operate as a closed system (i.e., with no contact to the outside world) can be eavesdropped upon via monitoring the faint electro-magnetic transmissions generated by the hardware; TEMPEST is a specification by the NSA referring to these attacks.
Spoofing, in general, is a fraudulent or malicious practice in which communication is sent from an unknown source disguised as a source known to the receiver. Spoofing is most prevalent in communication mechanisms that lack a high level of security.[8]
Tampering describes a malicious modification of products. So-called "Evil Maid" attacks and security services planting of surveillance capability into routers[9] are examples. 60:be:ff:ff:ff:e0
Phishing is the attempt to acquire sensitive information such as usernames, passwords, and credit card details directly from users.[10] Phishing is typically carried out by email spoofing or instant messaging, and it often directs users to enter details at a fake website whose look and feel are almost identical to the legitimate one. Preying on a victim's trust, phishing can be classified as a form of social engineering.
Main article: Social engineering (security)
Social engineering aims to convince a user to disclose secrets such as passwords, card numbers, etc. by, for example, impersonating a bank, a contractor, or a customer.[11]
A common scam involves fake CEO emails sent to accounting and finance departments. In early 2016, the FBI reported that the scam has cost US businesses more than $2bn in about two years.[12]
Computer security is critical in almost any industry which uses computers. Currently, most electronic devices such as computers, laptops and cellphones come with built in firewall security software, but despite this, computers are not 100 percent accurate and dependable to protect our data (Smith, Grabosky & Urbas, 2004.) There are many different ways of hacking into computers. It can be done through a network system, clicking into unknown links, connecting to unfamiliar Wi-Fi, downloading software and files from unsafe sites, power consumption, electromagnetic radiation waves, and many more. However, computers can be protected through well built software and hardware. By having strong internal interactions of properties, software complexity can prevent software crash and security failure.[14]
Web sites and apps that accept or store credit card numbers, brokerage accounts, and bank account information are prominent hacking targets, because of the potential for immediate financial gain from transferring money, making purchases, or selling the information on the black market.[15] In-store payment systems and ATMs have also been tampered with in order to gather customer account data and PINs.
Computers control functions at many utilities, including coordination of telecommunications, the power grid, nuclear power plants, and valve opening and closing in water and gas networks. The Internet is a potential attack vector for such machines if connected, but the Stuxnet worm demonstrated that even equipment controlled by computers not connected to the Internet can be vulnerable to physical damage caused by malicious commands sent to industrial equipment (in that case uranium enrichment centrifuges) which are infected via removable media. In 2014, the Computer Emergency Readiness Team, a division of the Department of Homeland Security, investigated 79 hacking incidents at energy companies.[16] Vulnerabilities in smart meters (many of which use local radio or cellular communications) can cause problems with billing fraud.[17]
The aviation industry is very reliant on a series of complex system which could be attacked.[18] 202-357-7467 A simple power outage at one airport can cause repercussions worldwide,[19] much of the system relies on radio transmissions which could be disrupted,[20] and controlling aircraft over oceans is especially dangerous because radar surveillance only extends 175 to 225 miles offshore.[21] There is also potential for attack from within an aircraft.[22]
In Europe, with the (Pan-European Network Service)[23] and NewPENS,[24] and in the US with the NextGen program,[25] air navigation service providers are moving to create their own dedicated networks.
The consequences of a successful attack range from loss of confidentiality to loss of system integrity, which may lead to more serious concerns such as exfiltration of data, network and air traffic control outages, which in turn can lead to airport closures, loss of aircraft, loss of passenger life, damages on the ground and to transportation infrastructure. A successful attack on a military aviation system that controls munitions could have even more serious consequences.
Desktop computers and laptops are commonly infected with malware either to gather passwords or financial account information, or to construct a botnet to attack another target. Smart phones, tablet computers, smart watches, and other mobile devices such as Quantified Self devices like activity trackers have also become targets and many of these have sensors such as cameras, microphones, GPS receivers, compasses, and accelerometers which could be exploited, and may collect personal information, including sensitive health information. Wifi, Bluetooth, and cell phone networks on any of these devices could be used as attack vectors, and sensors might be remotely activated after a successful breach.[26]
Not all attacks are financially motivated however; for example security firm HBGary Federal suffered a serious series of attacks in 2011 from hacktivist group Anonymous in retaliation for the firm's CEO claiming to have infiltrated their group, [31][32] and Sony Pictures was attacked in 2014 where the motive appears to have been to embarrass with data leaks, and cripple the company by wiping workstations and servers.[33][34]
If access is gained to a car's internal controller area network, it is possible to disable the brakes and turn the steering wheel.[35] Computerized engine timing, cruise control, anti-lock brakes, seat belt tensioners, door locks, airbags and advanced driver assistance systems make these disruptions possible, and self-driving cars go even further. Connected cars may use wifi and bluetooth to communicate with onboard consumer devices, and the cell phone network to contact concierge and emergency assistance services or get navigational or entertainment information; each of these networks is a potential entry point for malware or an attacker.[35] Researchers in 2011 were even able to use a malicious compact disc in a car's stereo system as a successful attack vector,[36] and cars with built-in voice recognition or remote assistance features have onboard microphones which could be used for eavesdropping. In 2015 hackers remotely carjacked a Jeep from 10 miles away and drove it into a ditch.[37][38]
A 2015 report by U.S. Senator Edward Markey criticized manufacturers' security measures as inadequate, and also highlighted privacy concerns about driving, location, and diagnostic data being collected, which is vulnerable to abuse by both manufacturers and hackers.[39]
Marshall Heilman notes that "the government has to have some type of legislation and mandate to secure [the] environment" of self-driving cars as hackers otherwise could be able to take over cars and notes that "some type of event [...] is going to have to occur before the government actually gets involved and sets those particular standards".[42]
Cybersecurity of automobiles doesn't just involve the production but also the discovery, proactive measures and patching of vulnerabilities.[43] In 2016 Tesla pushed out security fixes "over the air" and into its cars' computer systems after a Chinese whitehat hacking group disclosed it with an apparent altruistic and/or reputation incentive.[44]
The Internet of Things (IoT) is the network of physical objects such as devices, vehicles, and buildings that are embedded with electronics, software, sensors, and network connectivity that enables them to collect and exchange data[54] – and concerns have been raised that this is being developed without appropriate consideration of the security challenges involved.[55][56]
Medical devices have either been successfully attacked or had potentially deadly vulnerabilities demonstrated, including both in-hospital diagnostic equipment[61] and implanted devices including pacemakers[62] and insulin pumps.[63] There are many reports of hospitals and hospital organizations getting hacked, including ransomware attacks,[64][65][66][67] Windows XP exploits,[68][69] viruses,[70][71][72] and data breaches of sensitive data stored on hospital servers.[73][65][74][75][76] On 28 December 2016 the US Food and Drug Administration released its recommendations that are not legally enforceable for how medical device manufacturers should maintain the security of Internet-connected devices.[77][78]
Impact of security breaches[edit]
Serious financial damage has been caused by security breaches, but because there is no standard model for estimating the cost of an incident, the only data available is that which is made public by the organizations involved. "Several computer security consulting firms produce estimates of total worldwide losses attributable to virus and worm attacks and to hostile digital acts in general. The 2003 loss estimates by these firms range from $13 billion (worms and viruses only) to $226 billion (for all forms of covert attacks). The reliability of these estimates is often challenged; the underlying methodology is basically anecdotal."[79]
However, reasonable estimates of the financial cost of security breaches can actually help organizations make rational investment decisions. According to the classic Gordon-Loeb Model analyzing the optimal investment level in information security, one can conclude that the amount a firm spends to protect information should generally be only a small fraction of the expected loss (i.e., the expected value of the loss resulting from a cyber/information security breach).[80]
As with physical security, the motivations for breaches of computer security vary between attackers. Some are thrill-seekers or vandals, others are activists or criminals looking for financial gain. State-sponsored attackers are now common and well resourced, but started with amateurs such as Markus Hess who hacked for the KGB, as recounted by Clifford Stoll, in The Cuckoo's Egg.
A standard part of threat modelling for any particular system is to identify what might motivate an attack on that system, and who might be motivated to breach it. The level and detail of precautions will vary depending on the system to be secured. A home personal computer, bank, and classified military network face very different threats, even when the underlying technologies in use are similar.
In computer security a countermeasure is an action, device, procedure, or technique that reduces a threat, a vulnerability, or an attack by eliminating or preventing it, by minimizing the harm it can cause, or by discovering and reporting it so that corrective action can be taken.[81][82][83]
Some common countermeasures are listed in the following sections:
Security by design, or alternately secure by design, means that the software has been designed from the ground up to be secure. In this case, security is considered as a main feature.
Code reviews and unit testing, approaches to make modules more secure where formal correctness proofs are not possible.
Default secure settings, and design to "fail secure" rather than "fail insecure" (see fail-safe for the equivalent in safety engineering). Ideally, a secure system should require a deliberate, conscious, knowledgeable and free decision on the part of legitimate authorities in order to make it insecure.
Audit trails tracking system activity, so that when a security breach occurs, the mechanism and extent of the breach can be determined. Storing audit trails remotely, where they can only be appended to, can keep intruders from covering their tracks.
The Open Security Architecture organization defines IT 301-837-0450 security architecture as "the design artifacts that describe how the security controls (security countermeasures) are positioned, and how they relate to the overall information technology architecture. These controls serve the purpose to maintain the system's quality attributes: confidentiality, integrity, availability, accountability and assurance services".[84]
Techopedia defines security architecture as "a unified security design that addresses the necessities and potential risks involved in a certain scenario or environment. It also specifies when and where to apply security controls. The design process is generally reproducible." The key attributes of security architecture are:[85]
A state of computer "security" is the conceptual ideal, attained by the use of the three processes: threat prevention, detection, and response. These processes are based on various policies and system components, which include the following:
Firewalls are by far the most common prevention systems from a network security perspective as they can (if properly configured) shield access to internal network services, and block certain kinds of attacks through packet filtering. Firewalls can be both hardware- or software-based.
Intrusion Detection System (IDS) products are designed to detect network attacks in-progress and assist in post-attack forensics, while audit trails and logs serve a similar function for individual systems.
"Response" is necessarily defined by the assessed security requirements of an individual system and may cover the range from simple upgrade of protections to notification of legal authorities, counter-attacks, and the like. In some special cases, a complete destruction of the compromised system is favored, as it may happen that not all the compromised resources are detected.
Today, computer security comprises mainly "preventive" measures, like firewalls or an exit procedure. A firewall can be defined as a way of filtering network data between a host or a network and another network, such as the Internet, and can be implemented as software running on the machine, hooking into the network stack (or, in the case of most UNIX-based operating systems such as Linux, built into the operating system kernel) to provide real time filtering and blocking. Another implementation is a so-called "physical firewall", which consists of a separate machine filtering network traffic. Firewalls are common amongst machines that are permanently connected to the Internet.
Vulnerability management is the cycle of identifying, and remediating or mitigating vulnerabilities",[89] especially in software and firmware. Vulnerability management is integral to computer security and network security.
Vulnerabilities can be discovered with a vulnerability scanner, which analyzes a computer system in search of known vulnerabilities,[90] such as open ports, insecure software configuration, and susceptibility to malware
Beyond vulnerability scanning, many organisations contract outside security auditors to run regular penetration tests against their systems to identify vulnerabilities. In some sectors this is a contractual requirement.[91]
While formal verification of the correctness of computer systems is possible,[92][93] it is not yet common. Operating systems formally verified include seL4,[94] and SYSGO's PikeOS[95][96] – but these make up a very small percentage of the market.
Two factor authentication is a method for mitigating unauthorized access to a system or sensitive information. It requires "something you know"; a password or PIN, and "something you have"; a card, dongle, cellphone, or other piece of hardware. This increases security as an unauthorized person needs both of these to gain access.
Social engineering and direct computer access (physical) attacks can only be prevented by non-computer means, which can be difficult to enforce, relative to the sensitivity of the information. Training is often involved to help mitigate this risk,[97][98] but even in a highly disciplined environments (e.g. military organizations), social engineering attacks can still be difficult to foresee and prevent.
It is possible to reduce an attacker's chances by keeping systems up to date with security patches and updates, using a security scanner or/and hiring competent people responsible for security. The effects of data loss/damage can be reduced by careful backing up and insurance.
See also: Computer security compromised by hardware failure
While hardware may be a source of insecurity, such as with microchip vulnerabilities maliciously introduced during the manufacturing process,[99][100] hardware-based or assisted computer security also offers an alternative to software-only computer security. Using devices and methods such as dongles, trusted platform modules, intrusion-aware cases, drive locks, disabling USB ports, and mobile-enabled access may be considered more secure due to the physical access (or sophisticated backdoor access) required in order to be compromised. Each of these is covered in more detail below.
USB dongles are typically used in software licensing schemes to unlock software capabilities,[101] but they can also be seen as a way to prevent unauthorized access to a computer or other device's software. The dongle, or key, essentially creates a secure encrypted tunnel between the software application and the key. The principle is that an encryption scheme on the dongle, such as Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) provides a stronger measure of security, since it is harder to hack and replicate the dongle than to simply copy the native software to another machine and use it. Another security application for dongles is to use them for accessing web-based content such as cloud software or Virtual Private Networks (VPNs).[102] In addition, a USB dongle can be configured to lock or unlock a computer.[103]
Trusted platform modules (TPMs) secure devices by integrating cryptographic capabilities onto access devices, through the use of microprocessors, or so-called computers-on-a-chip. TPMs used in conjunction with server-side software offer a way to detect and authenticate hardware devices, preventing unauthorized network and data access.[104]
Disabling USB ports is a security option for preventing unauthorized and malicious access to an otherwise secure computer. Infected USB dongles connected to a network from a computer inside the firewall are considered by the magazine Network World as the most common hardware threat facing computer networks.[107]
Mobile-enabled access devices are growing in popularity due to the ubiquitous nature of cell phones. Built-in capabilities such as Bluetooth, the newer Bluetooth low energy (LE), Near field communication (NFC) on non-iOS devices and biometric validation such as thumb print readers, as well as QR code reader software designed for mobile devices, offer new, secure ways for mobile phones to connect to access control systems. These control systems provide computer security and can also be used for controlling access to secure buildings.[108]
One use of the term "computer security" refers to technology that is used to implement secure operating systems. In the 1980s the United States Department of Defense (DoD) used the "Orange Book"[109] standards, but the current international standard ISO/IEC 15408, "Common Criteria" defines a number of progressively more stringent Evaluation Assurance Levels. Many common operating systems meet the EAL4 standard of being "Methodically Designed, Tested and Reviewed", but the formal verification required for the highest levels means that they are uncommon. An example of an EAL6 ("Semiformally Verified Design and Tested") system is Integrity-178B, which is used in the Airbus A380[110] and several military jets.[111]
In software engineering, secure coding aims to guard against the accidental introduction of security vulnerabilities. It is also possible to create software designed from the ground up to be secure. Such systems are "secure by design". Beyond this, formal verification aims to prove the correctness of the algorithms underlying a system;[112] important for cryptographic protocols for example.
Within computer systems, two of many security models capable of enforcing privilege separation are access control lists (ACLs) and capability-based security. Using ACLs to confine programs has been proven to be insecure in many situations, such as if the host computer can be tricked into indirectly allowing restricted file access, an issue known as the confused deputy problem. It has also been shown that the promise of ACLs of giving access to an object to only one person can never be guaranteed in practice. Both of these problems are resolved by capabilities. This does not mean practical flaws exist in all ACL-based systems, but only that the designers of certain utilities must take responsibility to ensure that they do not introduce flaws.[citation needed]
The most secure computers are those not connected to the Internet and shielded from any interference. In the real world, the most secure systems are operating systems where security is not an add-on.
Responding forcefully to attempted security breaches (in the manner that one would for attempted physical security breaches) is often very difficult for a variety of reasons:
Identifying attackers is difficult, as they are often in a different jurisdiction to the systems they attempt to breach, and operate through proxies, temporary anonymous dial-up accounts, wireless connections, and other anonymising procedures which make backtracing difficult and are often located in yet another jurisdiction. If they successfully breach security, they are often able to delete logs to cover their tracks.
The sheer number of attempted attacks is so large that organisations cannot spend time pursuing each attacker (a typical home user with a permanent (e.g., cable modem) connection will be attacked at least several times per day, so more attractive targets could be presumed to see many more). Note however, that most of the sheer bulk of these attacks are made by automated vulnerability scanners and computer worms.
Law enforcement officers are often unfamiliar with information technology, and so lack the skills and interest in pursuing attackers. There are also budgetary constraints. It has been argued that the high cost of technology, such as DNA testing, and improved forensics mean less money for other kinds of law enforcement, so the overall rate of criminals not getting dealt with goes up as the cost of the technology increases. In addition, the identification of attackers across a network may require logs from various points in the network and in many countries, the release of these records to law enforcement (with the exception of being voluntarily surrendered by a network administrator or a system administrator) requires a search warrant and, depending on the circumstances, the legal proceedings required can be drawn out to the point where the records are either regularly destroyed, or the information is no longer relevant.
Some illustrative examples of different types of computer security breaches are given below.
In 1994, over a hundred intrusions were made by unidentified crackers into the Rome Laboratory, the US Air Force's main command and research facility. Using trojan horses, hackers were able to obtain unrestricted access to Rome's networking systems and remove traces of their activities. The intruders were able to obtain classified files, such as air tasking order systems data and furthermore able to penetrate connected networks of National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Goddard Space Flight Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, some Defense contractors, and other private sector organizations, by posing as a trusted Rome center user.[114]
In early 2013, massive breaches of computer security by the NSA were revealed, including deliberately inserting a backdoor in a NIST standard for encryption[122] and tapping the links between Google's data centres.[123] These were disclosed by NSA contractor Edward Snowden.[124]
In 2013 and 2014, a Russian/Ukrainian hacking ring known as "Rescator" broke into Target Corporation computers in 2013, stealing roughly 40 million credit cards,[125] and then Home Depot computers in 2014, stealing between 53 and 56 million credit card numbers.[126] Warnings were delivered at both corporations, but ignored; physical security breaches using self checkout machines are believed to have played a large role. "The malware utilized is absolutely unsophisticated and uninteresting," says Jim Walter, director of threat intelligence operations at security technology company McAfee – meaning that the heists could have easily been stopped by existing antivirus software had administrators responded to the warnings. The size of the thefts has resulted in major attention from state and Federal United States authorities and the investigation is ongoing.
In July 2015, a hacker group known as "The Impact Team" successfully breached the extramarital relationship website Ashley Madison. The group claimed that they had taken not only company data but user data as well. After the breach, The Impact Team dumped emails from the company's CEO, to prove their point, and threatened to dump customer data unless the website was taken down permanently. With this initial data release, the group stated "Avid Life Media has been instructed to take Ashley Madison and Established Men offline permanently in all forms, or we will release all customer records, including profiles with all the customers' secret sexual fantasies and matching credit card transactions, real names and addresses, and employee documents and emails. The other websites may stay online."[132] When Avid Life Media, the parent company that created the Ashley Madison website, did not take the site offline, The Impact Group released two more compressed files, one 9.7GB and the second 20GB. After the second data dump, Avid Life Media CEO Noel Biderman resigned, but the website remained functional.
Conflict of laws in cyberspace has become a major cause of concern for computer security community. Some of the main challenges and complaints about the antivirus industry are the lack of global web regulations, a global base of common rules to judge, and eventually punish, cyber crimes and cyber criminals. There is no global cyber law and cybersecurity treaty that can be invoked for enforcing global cybersecurity issues.
"[Computer viruses] switch from one country to another, from one jurisdiction to another – moving around the world, using the fact that we don't have the capability to globally police operations like this. So the Internet is as if someone [had] given free plane tickets to all the online criminals of the world."[133] Use of dynamic DNS, fast flux and bullet proof servers have added own complexities to this situation.
The question of whether the government should intervene or not in the regulation of the cyberspace is a very polemical one. Indeed, for as long as it has existed and by definition, the cyberspace is a virtual space free of any government intervention. Where everyone agree that an improvement on cybersecurity is more than vital, is the government the best actor to solve this issue? Many government officials and experts think that the government should step in and that there is a crucial need for regulation, mainly due to the failure of the private sector to solve efficiently the cybersecurity problem. R. Clarke said during a panel discussion at the RSA Security Conference in San Francisco, he believes that the "industry only responds when you threaten regulation. If industry doesn't respond (to the threat), you have to follow through."[136] On the other hand, executives from the private sector agree that improvements are necessary, but think that the government intervention would affect their ability to innovate efficiently.
The purpose of the Messaging Anti-Abuse Working Group (MAAWG) is to bring the messaging industry together to work collaboratively and to successfully address the various forms of messaging abuse, such as spam, viruses, denial-of-service attacks and other messaging exploitations.[140] France Telecom, Facebook, AT&T, Apple, Cisco, Sprint are some of the members of the MAAWG.[141]
ENISA : The European Network and Information Security Agency (ENISA) is an agency of the European Union with the objective to improve network and information security in the European Union.
CSIRTs in Europe collaborate in the TERENA task force TF-CSIRT. TERENA's Trusted Introducer service provides an accreditation and certification scheme for CSIRTs in Europe. A full list of known CSIRTs in Europe is available from the Trusted Introducer website.
Most countries have their own computer emergency response team to protect network security.
On October 3, 2010, Public Safety Canada unveiled Canada's Cyber 2001:cdba:0000:0000:0000:0000:3257:9652 Security Strategy, following a Speech from the Throne commitment to boost the security of Canadian cyberspace.[142][143] The aim of the strategy is to strengthen Canada's "cyber systems and critical infrastructure sectors, support economic growth and protect Canadians as they connect to each other and to the world."[143] Three main pillars define the strategy: securing government systems, partnering to secure vital cyber systems outside the federal government, and helping Canadians to be secure online.[143] The strategy involves multiple departments and agencies across the Government of Canada.[144] The Cyber Incident Management Framework for Canada outlines these responsibilities, and provides a plan for coordinated response between government and other partners in the event of a cyber incident.[145] The Action Plan 2010–2015 for Canada's Cyber Security Strategy outlines the ongoing implementation of the strategy.[146]
Public Safety Canada's Canadian Cyber Incident Response Centre (CCIRC) is responsible for mitigating and responding to threats to Canada's critical infrastructure and cyber systems. The CCIRC provides support to mitigate cyber threats, technical support to respond and recover from targeted cyber attacks, and provides online tools for members of Canada's critical infrastructure sectors.[147] The CCIRC posts regular cyber security bulletins on the Public Safety Canada website.[148] The CCIRC also operates an online reporting tool where individuals and organizations can report a cyber incident.[149] Canada's Cyber Security Strategy is part of a larger, integrated approach to critical infrastructure protection, and functions as a counterpart document to the National Strategy and Action Plan for Critical Infrastructure.[144]
On September 27, 2010, Public Safety Canada partnered with STOP.THINK.CONNECT, a coalition of non-profit, private sector, and government organizations dedicated to informing the general public on how to protect themselves online.[150] On February 4, 2014, the Government of Canada launched the Cyber Security Cooperation Program.[151] The program is a $1.5 million five-year initiative aimed at improving Canada's cyber systems through grants and contributions to projects in support of this objective.[152] Public Safety Canada aims to begin an evaluation of Canada's Cyber Security Strategy in early 2015.[144] Public Safety Canada administers and routinely updates the GetCyberSafe portal for Canadian citizens, and carries out Cyber Security Awareness Month during October.[153]
China's network security and information technology leadership team was established February 27, 2014. The leadership team is tasked with national security and long-term development and co-ordination of major issues related to network security and information technology. Economic, political, cultural, social and military fields as related to network security and information technology strategy, planning and major macroeconomic policy are being researched. The promotion of national network security and information technology law are constantly under study for enhanced national security capabilities.
Berlin starts National Cyber Defense Initiative: On June 16, 2011, the German Minister for Home Affairs, officially opened the new German NCAZ (National Center for Cyber Defense) Nationales Cyber-Abwehrzentrum located in Bonn. The NCAZ closely cooperates with BSI (Federal Office for Information Security) Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik, BKA (Federal Police Organisation) Bundeskriminalamt (Deutschland), BND (Federal Intelligence Service) Bundesnachrichtendienst, MAD (Military Intelligence Service) Amt für den Militärischen Abschirmdienst and other national organisations in Germany taking care of national security aspects. According to the Minister the primary task of the new organisation founded on February 23, 2011, is to detect and prevent attacks against the national infrastructure and mentioned incidents like Stuxnet.
The Indian Companies Act 2013 has also introduced cyber law and cyber security obligations on the part of Indian directors.
National Response Centre for Cyber Crime (NR3C) – FIA is a law enforcement agency dedicated to fight cybercrime. Inception of this Hi-Tech crime fighting unit transpired in 2007 to identify and curb the phenomenon of technological abuse in society.[155] However, certain private firms are also working in cohesion with the government to improve cyber security and curb cyberattacks.[156]
In the criminal division of the United States Department of Justice operates a section called the Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section. The CCIPS is in charge of investigating computer crime and intellectual property crime and is specialized in the search and seizure of digital evidence in computers and networks.[169]
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission's role in cybersecurity is to strengthen the protection of critical communications infrastructure, to assist in maintaining the reliability of networks during disasters, to aid in swift recovery after, and to ensure that first responders have access to effective communications services.[173]
The Food and Drug Administration has issued guidance for medical devices,[174] and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration[175] is concerned with automotive cybersecurity. After being criticized by the Government Accountability Office,[176] and following successful attacks on airports and claimed attacks on airplanes, the Federal Aviation Administration has devoted funding to securing systems on board the planes of private manufacturers, and the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System.[177] Concerns have also been raised about the future Next Generation Air Transportation System.[178]
"Computer emergency response team" is a name given to expert groups that handle computer security incidents. In the US, two distinct organization exist, although they do work closely together.
This has led to new terms such as cyberwarfare and cyberterrorism. More and more critical infrastructure is being controlled via computer programs that, while increasing efficiency, exposes new vulnerabilities. The test will be to see if governments and corporations that control critical systems such as energy, communications and other information will be able to prevent attacks before they occur. As Jay Cross, the chief scientist of the Internet Time Group, remarked, "Connectedness begets vulnerability."[180]
Analyzes and assesses vulnerabilities in the infrastructure (software, hardware, networks), investigates using available tools and countermeasures to remedy the detected vulnerabilities, and recommends solutions and best practices. Analyzes and assesses damage to the data/infrastructure as a result of security incidents, examines available recovery tools and processes, and recommends solutions. Tests for compliance with security policies and procedures. May assist in the creation, implementation, and/or management of security solutions.
Performs security monitoring, security and data/logs analysis, and forensic analysis, to detect security incidents, and mounts incident response. Investigates and utilizes new technologies and processes to enhance security capabilities and implement improvements. May also review code or perform other security engineering methodologies.
Designs a security system or major components of a security system, and may head a security design team building a new security system.
Installs and manages organization-wide security systems. May also take on some of the tasks of a security analyst in smaller organizations.
A high-level management position responsible for the entire information security division/staff. The position may include hands-on technical work.
A high-level management position responsible for the entire security division/staff. A newer position now deemed needed as security risks grow.
Broad titles that encompass any one or all of the other roles/titles, tasked with protecting computers, networks, software, data, and/or information systems against viruses, worms, spyware, malware, intrusion detection, unauthorized access, denial-of-service attacks, and an ever increasing list of attacks by hackers acting as individuals or as part of organized crime or foreign governments.
Student programs are also available to people interested in beginning a career in cybersecurity.[186][187] Meanwhile, a flexible and effective option for information security professionals of all experience levels to keep studying is online security training, including webcasts.[188][189][190]
The following terms used with regards to engineering secure systems are explained below.
Access authorization restricts access to a computer to group of users through the use of authentication systems. These systems can protect either the whole computer – such as through an interactive login screen – or individual services, such as an FTP server. There are many methods for identifying and authenticating users, such as passwords, identification cards, and, more recently, smart cards and biometric systems.
Applications with known security flaws should not be run. Either leave it turned off until it can be patched or otherwise fixed, or delete it and replace it with some other application. Publicly known flaws are the main entry used by worms to automatically break into a system and then spread to other systems connected to it. The security website Secunia provides a search tool for unpatched known flaws in popular products.
Automated theorem proving and other verification tools can enable critical algorithms and code used in secure systems to be mathematically proven to meet their specifications.
Backups are a way of securing information; they are another copy of all the important computer files kept in another location. These files are kept on hard disks, CD-Rs, CD-RWs, tapes and more recently on the cloud. Suggested locations for backups are a fireproof, waterproof, and heat proof safe, or in a separate, offsite location than that in which the original files are contained. Some individuals and companies also keep their backups in safe deposit boxes inside bank vaults. There is also a fourth option, which involves using one of the file hosting services that backs up files over the Internet for both business and individuals, known as the cloud.
Backups are also important for reasons other than security. Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, or tornadoes, may strike the building where the computer is located. The building can be on fire, or an explosion may occur. There needs to be a recent backup at an alternate secure location, in case of such kind of disaster. Further, it is recommended that the alternate location be placed where the same disaster would not affect both locations. Examples of alternate disaster recovery sites being compromised by the same disaster that affected the primary site include having had a primary site in World Trade Center I and the recovery site in 7 World Trade Center, both of which were destroyed in the 9/11 attack, and having one's primary site and recovery site in the same coastal region, which leads to both being vulnerable to hurricane damage (for example, primary site in New Orleans and recovery site in Jefferson Parish, both of which were hit by Hurricane Katrina in 2005). The backup media should be moved between the geographic sites in a secure manner, in order to prevent them from being stolen.
Capability and access control list techniques can be used to ensure privilege separation and mandatory access control. This section discusses their use.
Cyberwarfare is an internet-based conflict that involves politically motivated attacks on information and information systems. Such attacks can, for example, disable official websites and networks, disrupt or disable essential services, steal or alter classified data, and cripple financial systems.
Encryption is used to protect the message from the eyes of others. Cryptographically secure ciphers are designed to make any practical attempt of breaking infeasible. Symmetric-key ciphers are suitable for bulk encryption using shared keys, and public-key encryption using digital certificates can provide a practical solution for the problem of securely communicating when no key is shared in advance.
Endpoint security software helps networks to prevent exfiltration (data theft) and virus infection at network entry points made vulnerable by the prevalence of potentially infected portable computing devices, such as laptops and mobile devices, and external storage devices, such as USB drives.[193]
Firewalls are an important method for control and security on the Internet and other networks. A network firewall can be a communications processor, typically a router, or a dedicated server, along with firewall software. A firewall serves as a gatekeeper system that protects a company's intranets and other computer networks from intrusion by providing a filter and safe transfer point for access to and from the Internet and other networks. It screens all network traffic for proper passwords or other security codes and only allows authorized transmission in and out of the network. Firewalls can deter, but not completely prevent, unauthorized access (hacking) into computer networks; they can also provide some protection from online intrusion.
A microkernel is the near-minimum amount of software that can provide the mechanisms to implement an operating system. It is used solely to provide very low-level, very precisely defined machine code upon which an operating system can be developed. A simple example is the early '90s GEMSOS (Gemini Computers), which provided extremely low-level machine code, such as "segment" management, atop which an operating system could be built. The theory (in the case of "segments") was that—rather than have the operating system itself worry about mandatory access separation by means of military-style labeling—it is safer if a low-level, independently scrutinized module can be charged solely with the management of individually labeled segments, be they memory "segments" or file system "segments" or executable text "segments." If software below the visibility of the operating system is (as in this case) charged with labeling, there is no theoretically viable means for a clever hacker to subvert the labeling scheme, since the operating system per se does not provide mechanisms for interfering with labeling: the operating system is, essentially, a client (an "application," arguably) atop the microkernel and, as such, subject to its restrictions.
Pinging The ping application can be used by potential crackers to find if an IP address is reachable. If a cracker finds a computer, they can try a port scan to detect and attack services on that computer.
Social engineering awareness keeps employees aware of the dangers of social engineering and/or having a policy in place to prevent social engineering can reduce successful breaches of the network and servers.
Bruce Schneier bruce@security.edu
Cloud computing security
Computer security model
Content security
Cyber security standards
Data security
Differentiated security
Exploit (computer security)
Human–computer interaction (security)
Identity-based security
Information security awareness
Open security
Outline of computer security
Physical information security
Presumed security
Sandbox (computer security)
Separation of protection and security
Jump up ^ "Definition of computer security". Encyclopedia. Ziff Davis, PCMag. Retrieved 6 September 2015.
Jump up ^ Wireless mouse leave billions at risk of computer hack: cyber security firm
Jump up ^ "Target security breach affects up to 40M cards". Associated Press via Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. 19 December 2013. Retrieved 21 December 2013.
Jump up ^ Jim Finkle (23 April 2014). "Exclusive: FBI warns healthcare sector vulnerable to cyber attacks". Reuters. Retrieved 23 May 2016.
Jump up ^ Staff, AOL. "Cybersecurity expert: It will take a 'major event' for companies to take this issue seriously". AOL.com. Retrieved 22 January 2017.
Jump up ^ "The problem with self-driving cars: who controls the code?". The Guardian. 23 December 2015. Retrieved 22 January 2017.
Jump up ^ "Abstract Formal Specification of the seL4/ARMv6 API" (PDF). Retrieved May 19, 2015.
Jump up ^ "South Korea seeks global support in cyber attack probe". BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific. 7 March 2011.
 Media related to Computer security at Wikimedia Commons
Computer security at DMOZ
Monitor padlock.svgComputer security portal Crypto key.svgCryptography portal
Categories: Computer security templatesComputer securityE-commerceSecure communicationComputer network securityCrime preventionNational securityCryptographyComputer security exploitsCyberwarfareWeapons countermeasuresSecurity technologyCybercrimeInformation governance
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# grep -o -E '\w+' random.txt | sort -u -f
0
00
000
0000
0001
0026
01
0150
0199918119
02
03
04
0450
05
06
07
08
09
0a0b
0db8
1
10
100
101
1016
102
103
1030
104
105
106
107
108
109
11
110
1109
111
112
113
114
1145
115
116
117
118
119
12
120
121
1210044
122
123
124
125
126
127
128
129
12f0
13
130
131
132
133
134
135
136
13636
137
138
139
14
140
141
142
143
144
145
146
1466572133
147
148
149
1494932633
14th
15
150
151
152
153
154
15408
155
156
157
158
159
15k
16
160
161
162
163
164
165
166
167
168
169
17
170
171
172
17243
173
174
175
1750
176
177
178
178B
179
18
180
181
182
183
184
185
186
187
188
189
19
190
191
192
193
1980s
1983
1986
1988
1994
1997
2
20
200
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
202
20GB
20th
21
218
21st
22
221
225
226
23
23022
24
2460333
25
26
27
2765010Freely
28
2828
287
29
2bn
2nd
3
30
30080
301
31
312
319
32
3257
33
330
34
3480
35
357
36
37
38
39
3rd
4
40
4009
40M
41
42
43
438
4398
44
442
45
457
46
47
48
4858
49
4962
5
50
51
52
53
54
55
554
56
57
58
581271
581274
59
6
60
6002
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
7
70
700
71
72
73
74
741
7467
75
76
77
773
78
79
7e
7GB
8
80
81
8186
82
83
830
837
84
84928
85
86
87
88
89
9
90
90s
91
92
93
94
95
96
9652
97
978
98
99
a
a0
A380
ability
able
about
Abschirmdienst
absence
absolutely
Abstract
abuse
Abwehrzentrum
accelerometers
accept
access
accessed
accessibility
accessible
accessing
accidental
According
account
accountability
accounting
accountLog
accounts
accreditation
accuracy
accurate
accusations
Accused
acknowledged
ACL
ACLs
ACM
acquire
across
act
acting
action
actions
activated
activists
activities
activity
actor
acts
actually
Adam
add
added
adding
addition
additional
address
Addressed
addresses
Addressing
administers
Administration
administrator
administrators
advance
advanced
adversaries
Aeronautics
AES
affair
Affairs
affect
affected
affects
AFP
after
against
Agencies
agency
agree
aid
aide
aim
AIMD
aimed
aims
air
airbags
Airbus
aircraft
Airplane
airplanes
airport
airports
Alan
alert
Alex
Alexei
algorithm
algorithms
Aliya
all
Allan
alleged
Allied
allow
allowed
allowing
allows
Ally
almost
Alok
along
alongside
also
alter
alteration
alternate
alternately
alternative
although
altruistic
amateurs
America
American
Americans
among
amongst
amount
amplification
Amt
An
Analyses
analysis
analyst
analyzes
analyzing
ancient
and
Anderson
Andy
anecdotal
Angriffe
anitvirus
Anna
Annals
anni
Annie
announced
anonymising
Anonymous
another
anti
Antivirus
Anton
any
anyone
AOL
Apache
API
apparel
apparent
appears
appended
Apple
appliances
Application
Applications
applied
apply
applying
approach
approaches
appropriate
approximately
apps
Apr
April
Arachchilage
architect
architecture
Archived
Arcos
ARD
are
area
arguably
argued
Ari
Arms
ARMv6
around
Ars
Arstechnica
article
articles
artifacts
as
Ashley
Asia
aspects
assessed
assesses
Assessing
assessment
Asset
assets
assist
assistance
assisted
Associated
association
assurance
at
ATMs
atop
attack
attacked
Attacker
Attackers
attacks
attained
attempt
attempted
Attempts
attention
attractive
attributable
attributes
attribution
Audit
auditors
August
Australian
authentic
authenticate
authenticating
Authentication
authorities
Authority
Authorization
authorized
Authorship
Autistic
Automated
automatically
automation
Automobiles
automotive
Autonomous
availability
available
Aviation
Avid
Avoiding
aware
Awareness
away
Az
b
b3
back
backdoor
Backdoors
background
backing
Backman
backs
backtracing
backup
Backups
Bacon
Bahasa
bank
banking
Barrett
bars
Bart
Base
based
basic
basically
Baumann
BBC
be
Beast
because
Becker
Beckert
become
becomes
becoming
been
before
begets
begin
beginning
behind
being
believed
believes
believing
below
belt
Ben
Berkeley
Berlin
Bernhard
Bernstein
best
between
Beyond
Bicchierai
Biderman
big
Bill
billing
billion
billions
biometric
BIOS
birth
biz
BJA
BKA
black
blamed
Blasum
Blaze
block
blocked
blocking
Blog
Bluetooth
BND
board
Boca
bombs
Bonn
Book
Books
boost
bootable
booted
booting
boots
bored
Bormer
Bosanski
Boston
both
botnet
Box
boxes
brakes
branch
Brands
breach
breached
breaches
break
Breaking
Brian
Bright
bring
brings
Broad
broke
brokerage
Brookings
Bruce
BSI
Bucks
budgetary
bug
bugs
building
buildings
built
bulk
bullet
bulletins
Bumgarner
Bundesamt
Bundeskriminalamt
Bundesnachrichtendienst
Bureau
burglars
Burning
business
businesses
Businessweek
but
Butler
button
buttons
by
bypassing
C
C12
c9
CA
cable
Calder
California
called
cameras
Camp
Campaign
can
Canada
Canadian
Canadians
cancelled
cannot
Capabilities
capability
capable
CAPTCHA
capture
car
card
cards
care
career
careful
Carefully
carjacked
Carl
Carnivore
Carol
Carrie
carried
carries
Carroll
cars
case
cases
Cashell
Català
Catastrophe
catch
categories
Category
cause
caused
CBS
CC
CCIPS
CCIRC
CCU
CD
cdba
Cecilia
cell
cellphone
cellphones
cellular
Center
Centers
Centralised
Centre
centres
centric
centrifuges
Century
CEO
CERT
certain
certificates
certification
Certifications
certified
CertiVox
Ceština
Chain
challenged
challenges
chances
change
changes
channeled
charge
charged
check
checkout
Checkoway
chief
China
Chinese
chip
Chris
Christian
Christoph
Christopher
Chronicle
Chwan
ciphers
circumstances
circumvent
Cisco
CISO
citation
Cite
Cities
citizens
Civil
civilian
claimed
claiming
clarified
Clarke
classic
classified
Clayton
Clearfield
clever
click
clicking
Clickjacking
clicks
client
clients
Clifford
cloning
closed
closely
closing
closures
cloud
CNET
CNN
CNNMoney
CNSS
co
coalition
coastal
code
Codenomicon
CODEPAK
codes
coding
cohesion
collaborate
collaboratively
Collar
collect
collected
com
combination
come
comes
Comm
command
Commander
commands
Commerce
commerceSecure
commercial
Commission
commitment
committed
Committee
Common
commonly
Commons
communicate
communicating
communication
communicationComputer
communications
community
compact
companies
company
Comparison
compasses
competent
Complaint
complaints
complete
completely
complex
complexities
complexity
compliance
complicated
components
Comprehensive
compressed
comprises
compromise
compromised
Computer
Computerized
computers
Computerworld
computing
conceptual
concern
concerned
concerns
concierge
conclude
Cone
Conference
confidentiality
configuration
configured
confine
Conflict
confused
Congress
Congressional
conjunction
connect
connected
Connectedness
connecting
connection
connections
connectivity
conscious
consecutive
consequences
consideration
Considerations
considered
consistency
consists
constantly
constraints
construct
Consultant
consulting
Consumer
consumption
contact
contained
content
Contents
contract
contractor
contractors
contractual
contributions
control
controlled
controller
controllers
controlling
controls
Convention
Converging
conversation
convince
Cook
cooperates
Cooperation
coordinated
coordination
copy
Cornell
Corporation
corporations
corrective
correctness
Cory
cost
costs
COTS
Cottrell
could
Council
count
counter
countermeasure
countermeasures
countermeasuresSecurity
counterpart
Counterterrorism
countries
country
Courage
Courses
cover
covered
covering
covert
cracker
crackers
Cranor
crash
CRC
create
created
creates
CreateSpace
creation
Creative
credentials
credit
crime
crimes
criminal
criminals
cripple
Criteria
critical
criticized
Cross
crucial
cruise
cryptanalytic
Crypto
Cryptographic
Cryptographically
cryptography
cryptosystem
csa
CSIRT
CSIRTs
CSO
Cuckoo
culprit
cultural
curb
current
Currently
customer
customers
CVE
cyber
cyberattacks
Cybercareers
cybercrime
Cyberdefense
cybernetics
cybersecurity
cyberspace
cyberterrorism
Cyberwar
Cyberwarfare
cycle
Cynthia
Czeskis
D
DAC
Daily
damage
damages
Damon
Dan
Dancing
dangerous
dangers
Daniel
Danny
Dansk
Dark
DARPA
Darren
Data
database
date
dated
dates
David
Davis
Dawn
day
DC
DDoS
de
deadly
dealt
Death
debit
Deborah
December
decision
decisions
dedicated
deemed
Default
defence
defend
defending
Defense
Defenses
define
defined
defines
definition
Definitions
delete
deliberate
deliberately
deliver
delivered
demand
demanded
demonstrated
den
Denial
denies
Denning
deny
Department
departments
depend
dependable
depending
deposit
Depot
depth
deputy
der
describe
described
describes
descriptions
deserve
design
designed
designers
Designing
Designs
Desktop
despite
destroy
destroyed
destruction
detail
details
detect
detected
detection
deter
determination
determined
Deutschland
developed
development
deviating
device
devices
Devine
Devlin
devoted
DHS
diagnostic
dial
did
different
Differentiated
difficult
digital
Direct
directly
director
Directorate
directors
directs
disable
disabling
disadvantages
Disarm
disaster
disasters
disc
disciplined
disclose
disclosed
disclosure
disclosures
discovered
discovering
discovery
discusses
discussion
disguised
Disk
disks
disrupt
disrupted
disrupting
disruption
disruptions
distinct
Distributed
ditch
division
DMOZ
DNA
DNS
do
document
documented
documents
DoD
does
doesn
doi
doing
don
Donate
done
dongle
dongles
door
Dorothy
DoS
Dow
down
Download
downloading
Downloads
drafting
drawn
drive
driver
driverless
Drivers
drives
driving
drop
dropped
drove
Drug
drugs
DSS
due
dump
dumped
Dune
during
duties
Dwork
dynamic
e
e0
each
EAL4
EAL6
earlier
early
earthquakes
easily
eavesdrop
eavesdropped
eavesdroppers
Eavesdropping
economic
Economics
Ecosystems
ed
edit
Edition
edu
Education
Educational
Edward
EE
effective
effects
efficiency
efficiently
Egg
either
electro
electromagnetic
electronic
electronics
elevate
Elgin
Elias
eliminate
eliminating
else
email
emails
embarrass
embedded
emergency
employ
employee
employees
enable
enabled
enables
encompass
encrypt
encrypted
encrypting
encryption
encyclopedia
end
Endpoint
Enemy
energy
enforce
enforceable
enforcement
enforcing
engine
engineer
engineering
English
enhance
enhanced
ENISA
enough
enrichment
ensure
Ensuring
enter
entering
Enterprise
entertainment
entire
entry
environment
environments
Epic
equipment
equivalent
eradication
escalation
Español
especially
Esperanto
essential
essentially
Established
Estimate
estimates
estimating
Estrin
etc
Eurocontrol
Europe
European
Euskara
evaluated
Evaluation
Even
event
events
eventually
ever
everyone
evidence
Evident
Evil
evolving
examines
example
examples
except
exception
excessive
exchange
exchanged
Exclusive
executable
Execution
Executive
executives
Exercises
exfiltration
exist
existed
existence
existing
exists
exit
expected
experience
Experimental
expert
experts
explained
exploit
exploitable
exploitations
exploited
Exploits
exploitsCyberwarfareWeapons
explosion
export
exposed
exposes
Exposures
Express
extend
extends
extent
External
extra
extradition
extramarital
extremely
extremist
Eyers
eyes
F
FAA
face
Facebook
facilities
facility
facing
fact
factor
factory
fail
failure
faint
fake
fantasies
FAQ
far
fast
fastest
Fault
favored
FBI
FCC
FDA
feature
Featured
features
Feb
February
Federal
Federal_Automated_Vehicles_Policy
feds
feel
Feigenbaum
Feigin
few
fewer
ff
Fi
FIA
Fiction
field
fields
fifth
fight
fighters
fighting
file
files
filter
filtering
finance
finances
Financial
financially
find
finds
fingerprints
Finkle
fire
fireproof
Firewall
Firewalls
firm
firms
firmware
first
five
fix
fixed
fixes
flaw
flaws
flexible
Flight
flux
focuses
follow
following
Food
fool
fooled
for
Forbes
Force
forcefully
foreign
Foreman
forensic
forensics
foresee
forgery
Forget
form
formal
formally
former
forms
Fortune
Forum
forward
fought
Foundation
founded
four
fourth
Fox
fraction
frame
framed
Framework
France
Franceschi
Francis
Francisco
Franziska
Français
fraud
fraudulent
free
freedom
Friedman
Friess
From
front
frontier
FTC
FTP
full
function
functional
functions
funding
Further
furthermore
future
für
g
gain
gained
gaining
gains
Gallagher
Game
Ganssle
GAO
Gaps
Gary
gas
Gasser
gatekeeper
gateway
gather
gathering
Gemini
GEMSOS
Gene
general
generally
generated
Generation
geographic
Geraint
German
Germany
get
GetCyberSafe
gets
getting
Gheorghita
Ghinea
Gigabytes
given
giving
Glass
Global
globally
Glossary
Glüsing
gmail
go
Goddard
goes
going
Goldberg
Goldwasser
good
goods
Google
Gordon
gov
governance
Government
governmental
governments
GPS
Grabosky
graduate
grants
Greenberg
Greene
grid
Grimsby
ground
group
groups
grow
growing
Grows
growth
guaranteed
guard
Guardian
guidance
Guide
guidelines
guns
Gutmann
H
hack
hacked
hacker
hackers
hacking
hacktivist
had
Hadoop
Hajoon
half
Hampshire
hand
handle
handled
handover
hands
happen
hard
harder
hardware
harm
Harrison
Harvard
has
HASP
Hat
Hauppauge
have
having
Hay
HBGary
he
head
health
healthcare
heat
heavy
Heilman
heists
help
helped
helping
helps
Here
Hess
Hi
hide
Higgins
high
highest
highlighted
highly
Highway
hijack
hijacking
hiring
history
historySearch
hit
HL
Holding
holds
Holger
Home
Homeland
Honey
hooking
Hope
horses
hospital
hospitals
host
Hostages
hostile
hosting
hosts
hotel
House
Hovav
how
However
Hrvatski
Hubert
Human
hundred
hurricane
hurricanes
Hwa
hygiene
Hypponen
i
Ian
IC3
ICALT
ICT
ID
ideal
Ideally
identical
identifiable
identification
identify
identifying
identity
IDG
IDS
IEC
IEEE
if
iframes
ignored
III
illustrative
immediate
Impact
impersonating
implant
implanted
implement
implementation
implemented
importance
important
impossible
improve
improved
improvement
improvements
improving
in
inaccessible
inadequate
inArticleTalkReadEditView
Inc
incentive
Inception
incident
incidents
include
included
includes
including
incorporated
increases
increasing
increasingly
Indeed
Independent
independently
India
Indian
indicated
indirectly
individual
individually
individuals
Indonesia
industrial
industries
industry
infeasible
infected
infection
infiltrated
info
Infonomics
Information
Informationstechnik
informing
InfosecToday
InfraGard
infrastructure
Ingredients
initial
initiative
injection
innocent
innovate
input
ins
insecure
insecurity
inserting
inside
Insider
installing
Installs
instance
instant
Institute
Institution
instructed
Instruction
insulin
insurance
int
inTalkContributionsCreate
integral
integrated
integrating
integration
integrity
Intel
Intellectual
intelligence
intended
intentional
intentionally
interaction
interactions
interactive
intercepted
interest
interested
Interface
interference
interfering
internal
International
Internet
intervene
intervention
interview
into
intranets
introduce
introduced
Introducer
introduction
intruders
Intrusion
intrusions
investigated
investigates
investigating
investigation
investment
invisible
invoked
involve
involved
involves
IO
iOS
IoT
IP
IQ
Iran
irrelevant
Irwin
is
ISAC
ISBN
ISO
Israel
issue
issued
issues
IT
Italiano
item
its
itself
ITU
iu
J
Jack
Jackson
James
Jan
Janalta
Jannsen
January
Jatinder
Jay
Jean
Jeep
Jefferson
Jens
Jeremy
jet
jets
Jickling
JiJi
Jim
JIOT
Joan
Job
Jobs
John
jolt
Jon
Jonathan
Jones
Jose
Joseph
Journal
Jr
judge
July
Jump
Jun
June
jurisdiction
just
Justice
Juuso
Kalev
Kang
Kantor
Kara
Karl
Katrina
keep
keeping
keeps
Kelly
kept
kernel
Kevin
key
Keyloggers
keys
keystrokes
KGB
Kill
Kim
kind
kinds
Kirby
Kirk
know
Knowledge
knowledgeable
known
Ko
Kocher
Kohno
Korea
Korean
Koscher
Krankenhäuser
Kwanwoo
L
La
labeled
labeling
Laboratory
lack
Lam
LaMacchia
Lampson
Lance
Landwehr
language
Languages
laptops
Large
largely
larger
largest
last
Latviešu
launched
Launches
Laura
Law
Lawrence
laws
layers
LE
lead
leadership
leading
leads
leak
leaks
Learn
Learned
learning
LearnQuest
least
leave
led
Lee
Leetaru
left
Legal
legally
Legion
Legislation
legitimate
less
Lessons
level
Levels
liabilities
Library
License
licensing
LICS
life
light
like
likely
Lily
limited
Lincolnshire
Lines
link
Linked
links
Linux
Lipner
Liptak
list
listed
listening
lists
loaded
local
located
locates
location
locations
lock
locked
Lockheed
locks
Loeb
logged
logic
login
logs
London
long
longer
look
looking
Lords
Lorenzo
Lorrie
lose
losing
loss
losses
lot
Love
low
lurches
M
MAAWG
machine
machines
macroeconomic
MAD
made
Madison
magazine
magnetic
MAHC
Maid
Maija
main
mainframes
mainly
maintain
maintaining
major
make
making
malicious
maliciously
malpractice
Malware
man
management
manages
managing
mandate
mandatory
manner
Mansfield
manufacturers
manufacturing
Many
Marcel
March
Margaret
Mark
market
Markey
Markus
Marshall
Martin
mashable
massive
matching
mathematically
Matlack
Matt
matters
may
McAfee
McCoy
McKinnon
Me
mean
meaning
means
meant
Meanwhile
measure
measures
mechanism
mechanisms
media
MediaWiki
Medical
MedStar
meet
Megaupload
MeitY
Melbourne
Melvin
members
memory
Men
mentioned
menu
merchandise
message
messaging
meters
method
Methodically
methodologies
methodology
methods
Mexican
mice
Michael
microchip
microkernel
microphones
microprocessors
Microsoft
might
Mikko
mil
miles
military
Militärischen
million
millions
Milwaukee
minicomputers
minimizing
minimum
Minister
Ministry
Minnesota
misdirection
Missed
misuse
mitigate
mitigating
Mitnick
Mobile
model
modelling
models
modem
Modern
modification
modifications
modified
Module
modules
money
Monica
Monitor
monitoring
Month
more
Morrie
Morris
most
mostly
Moti
motivate
motivated
motivation
motivations
motive
motives
mounts
mouse
moved
movement
moves
moving
MS
much
Mueller
Multi
multiple
munitions
must
MyFox
MySecureCyberspace
NACTA
Nalin
name
names
NarusInsight
Nate
National
Nationales
native
Natural
nature
navigation
navigational
NBA
NBC
NCAZ
Near
nearly
necessarily
necessary
necessities
Nederlands
need
needed
needs
neither
Nest
net
Network
networked
networking
networks
Neumann
never
new
newer
Newman
NewPENS
news
Newton
next
NextGen
Nextgov
NFC
NH
NHTSA
nic
NICCS
NIST
no
Noah
Noel
non
nondisclosure
none
normal
northern
Nostrand
not
Notable
Note
notes
notification
Nova
November
now
NPR
NR3C
NSA
nuclear
Nukes
number
numbers
NW3C
NY
Nycum
Oakland
object
objective
objects
obligations
obstacle
obtain
occur
occurred
occurs
oceans
Oct
October
of
off
offer
offers
Office
Officer
officers
official
officially
officials
offline
offshore
offsite
often
old
Oltsik
on
onboard
once
one
ongoing
ONI
online
only
onto
opaque
Open
OpenCongress
opened
opening
operate
operates
operating
Operation
operations
operator
operators
OPM
opportunities
optimal
option
or
Orange
order
ordination
org
Organisation
organisations
organised
organization
organizations
organized
oriented
original
originate
Orleans
OS
OSs
other
others
otherwise
our
out
outage
outages
Outline
outlines
outside
Outstripping
over
overall
overload
Ovidiu
OWASP
own
owned
Oxford
P
Pacemaker
pacemakers
Pacific
packet
padlock
page
pages
Pagliery
paid
Pakistan
Palilery
Pan
panel
Paper
parent
Parish
parliament
part
participates
particular
partnered
partnering
partners
Partnership
party
Pasquier
passed
passenger
Passports
password
passwords
patched
patches
patching
path
Patient
patients
Patricia
Patterson
Paul
Pauli
Payloads
payment
PC
PCI
PCMag
PDF
penetrate
penetration
Penguin
PENS
People
per
percent
percentage
perform
Performs
Perimeter
permanent
permanently
perpetrated
perpetrator
persistent
person
personal
personally
Personnel
perspective
pertinent
petabyte
Peter
phenomenon
Phishing
phone
phones
Photos
physical
Pictures
piece
pigs
PikeOS
pillars
PIN
ping
Pinging
PINs
Pitchumani
place
placed
places
plaintext
plan
plane
planes
planning
Plant
planting
plants
Platform
platforms
Playbook
played
players
PLCs
Pocket
point
points
Poitras
polemical
police
policies
policy
policyAbout
political
politically
Polski
poor
popular
popularity
port
portable
portal
ports
Português
posing
position
positioned
possible
post
Postmarket
posts
potential
potentially
pots
power
Powered
Powerful
powers
pp
practical
practice
practices
precautions
precisely
prescription
present
Presented
president
press
presumed
prevalence
prevalent
prevent
prevented
preventing
prevention
preventionNational
preventive
Previously
Preying
price
primary
principle
print
Printable
Priorities
priority
privacy
private
Privilege
privileges
proactive
probability
probe
problem
problematic
problems
procedure
procedures
Proceeding
proceedings
process
processes
processor
produce
production
products
professional
professionals
profile
profiles
profit
program
programmable
programmed
programming
programs
progress
progressively
prohibits
project
projects
prominent
promise
promotion
proof
proofs
proper
properly
properties
Property
proposed
prosecute
protect
ProtectDrive
protected
protecting
protection
protections
protects
Protocol
protocols
prove
proven
provide
provided
providers
provides
providing
proving
provisions
proxies
Psychiatric
public
Publications
publicly
Publishers
Publishing
pumps
punish
purchases
purpose
purposes
pursuing
push
pushed
Put
puts
Pyongyang
QR
quality
Quantified
quarterly
question
R
Race
Rachel
radar
radiation
radio
raised
Random
range
ransom
ransomware
rapidly
rate
rather
Rating
ratio
rational
Raton
rbaycanca
reachable
reader
readers
readiness
reading
real
Reals
reasonable
reasons
receiver
receivers
recent
recently
recipient
recognition
recommendations
recommended
recommends
Reconstruction
record
records
recounted
recover
Recovering
recovery
recreational
redress
reduce
reduced
reduces
Reducing
References
referring
refers
refinement
reflection
regardless
regards
region
regional
Register
registered
regular
regularly
Regulate
regulation
regulations
Reinhold
relate
Related
relationship
relative
relatively
release
released
relevant
reliability
reliance
reliant
relies
remained
remains
remarked
remediating
remedy
remote
remotely
removable
remove
repercussions
replace
replicate
report
reported
reportedly
reporting
reports
Representatives
reproducible
reputation
require
required
requirement
requirements
requires
resale
Rescator
research
researched
Researchers
researchgate
resigned
resolved
resource
resourced
resources
respectively
respond
responded
responders
Responding
responds
Response
responsibilities
responsibility
responsible
restricted
restrictions
restricts
result
resulted
resulting
retail
retaliation
Rethinking
Retrieved
return
Reuters
revealed
review
Reviewed
reviews
RFC
RFID
Richard
Right
Riley
ring
risen
risk
Risks
River
road
Robert
Roesner
Roger
Role
roles
ROM
Rome
Româna
room
root
Rootkits
Rosenbach
Ross
roughly
Rouse
router
routers
routinely
routing
Royal
Rs
RSA
RT
ruined
rule
rules
ruling
run
running
Russian
RWs
rücken
s
S1353
safe
safeguard
SafeNet
safer
safety
said
Salvatore
Sam
same
San
Sandbox
Sanders
Sanger
Sanghavi
sansad
Savage
say
says
scale
scam
scan
Scannell
scanner
scanners
scanning
scans
scenario
Schell
scheme
schemes
Schneier
Scholars
Schools
Science
Scientific
scientist
SCMagazine
Scott
Scouts
scrambling
screen
screens
scrutinized
se
Sean
search
seat
Seattle
SEC
second
secret
secrets
section
sections
sector
sectors
Secunia
Secure
secured
securely
SecureState
securing
security
SecurityArchitecture
securityCrime
securityCryptographyComputer
securityE
SecurityWeek
See
seekers
seeks
seen
segment
segments
SEI
Seipel
seizure
seL4
Self
selling
Semiformally
Senator
sending
sensitive
sensitivity
sensors
sent
Sentinel
Seoul
separate
separation
September
Sergio
series
serious
seriously
serve
server
servers
serves
service
services
Sethumadhavan
sets
settings
Several
sexual
sg
Shacham
Shachtman
Shafi
ShareAlike
shared
Sharing
sheer
Sheet
shield
shielded
short
shortage
should
show
shown
Sicherheit
side
signed
significant
silence
Silva
Simha
similar
simple
simply
since
Singer
Singh
single
site
sites
situation
situations
size
Skies
skills
skyrockets
Slovencina
Slovenšcina
slow
small
smaller
smart
smartphones
Smith
Snowden
So
Social
societies
society
software
soldiers
solely
solution
solutions
solve
some
someone
something
Song
Sony
sophisticated
source
South
sovereign
Space
Spafford
spam
speaks
special
Specialist
specialized
specific
specifically
specification
specifications
specified
specifies
Spectrum
Speech
spells
spend
spends
spiegel
Spin
sponsored
Spoofing
spread
spreading
spreads
Springer
Sprint
Spy
spyware
srpski
Srpskohrvatski
SSRN
stack
staff
stand
standard
standardization
standards
Staples
Stark
Stars
started
starts
State
stated
statementMobile
States
station
stay
steal
stealing
steering
Stefan
Steinberg
step
Stephen
stereo
Sternstein
Steve
still
stolen
Stolfo
Stoll
STOP
stopped
storage
store
stored
Storing
story
stratcom
Strategy
Street
strengthen
strike
strikes
stringent
Stripes
strong
stronger
student
Students
Studies
study
studying
Stuxnet
style
stylesheets
subject
subscribers
subsystem
subsystems
subvert
succeeded
successful
successfully
such
suffered
Suggested
suitable
Suomi
Supply
support
Supporting
Surfaces
Surfsafe
surrendered
surreptitiously
surrounds
surveillance
Susan
susceptibility
Suspected
Suspects
Svenska
svgComputer
svgCryptography
Swears
swift
switch
Symmetric
Symposium
SYSGO
system
systems
t
tablet
tackle
Tadayoshi
Takanen
take
taken
taking
Tamper
tampered
Tampering
tapes
Tappan
Tapped
tapping
Target
targeted
targets
task
tasked
tasking
tasks
tax
Taylor
Teach
team
teams
Tech
Technica
technical
technique
techniques
technological
technologies
technology
technologyCybercrimeInformation
Techopedia
TechTarget
TED
Telecom
telecommunications
Telegraph
television
televisions
TEMPEST
templatesComputer
temporary
tensioners
Terabytes
TERENA
term
Terminology
terms
terrorism
terrorist
Tesla
test
Tested
testing
tests
Texas
text
TF
than
that
the
theatre
theft
thefts
their
them
themselves
then
theorem
theoretically
theory
There
thermostat
these
TheWindowsClub
they
Thieves
Things
think
third
This
Thomas
Thorsten
those
Thought
threat
threaten
threatened
Threats
three
thrill
Throne
through
thumb
thwart
tickets
Tier3
time
times
Times_Asia
timing
Timothy
tiny
titled
titles
TJX
to
Today
together
Token
tolerance
Tom
tool
tools
top
tornadoes
total
TPMs
traced
traces
tracked
trackers
tracking
tracks
Trade
trademark
traffic
trails
Training
transactions
Transcript
transfer
transferring
transforming
transit
Transitions
transmission
transmissions
transparent
transpired
transportation
treaty
tree
tricked
tricks
triggered
trojan
Trojans
troops
trust
Trusted
try
trying
Tucker
tunnel
turn
turned
turning
Twenty
Twin
two
type
types
typical
typically
typing
Türkçe
U
ubiquitous
UI
uk
Ukrainian
Umrigar
unauthorized
unavailable
unclear
uncommon
under
undergone
underlying
understand
unfamiliar
Unfriendly
unidentified
unified
uniform
unintentionally
uninteresting
Union
unit
United
University
UNIX
unknown
unleashes
unless
unlock
unlocked
unpatched
unreadable
unreported
unrestricted
unsafe
unscramble
unsophisticated
until
unveiled
up
updates
upgrade
Upload
upon
uranium
Urbas
url
US
USB
USCYBERCOM
use
used
USENIX
user
usernames
users
uses
using
Utilities
utilized
utilizes
v
validation
value
valve
Van
vandals
variety
various
vary
vaults
vector
vectors
vehicles
Verge
verification
verified
Vermesan
version
Verton
very
via
viable
victim
VICTIMIZED
victims
viewWikimedia
Vijay
violated
virtual
virtually
virus
Viruses
visibility
Visier
VITA
vital
voice
volt
volumes
voluntarily
Vox
VPNs
vs
Vulnerabilities
Vulnerability
vulnerable
W
Waksman
Wall
Walter
wanted
War
Ware
warfare
Warnings
warns
warrant
wars
warships
was
Washington
Watch
watches
water
waterproof
waves
way
Wayback
ways
we
weaponized
Weapons
Web
webcasts
Webel
webpage
website
websites
Week
well
were
what
wheel
when
where
whether
which
While
White
whitehat
whitepaper
who
whole
whose
Why
Wi
wide
widely
Wifi
Wikibooks
Wikidata
Wikimedia
Wikipedia
WikipediaDevelopersCookie
WikipediaDisclaimersContact
will
Willemssen
Williams
Willis
window
Windows
wiping
WIRED
wireless
Wirtschafts
with
within
without
Woche
Woodie
work
workers
working
workstations
world
worldwide
worm
worms
worry
would
Wright
writing
wrong
Wu
XP
Yahoo
year
years
Yet
York
you
Your
Yung
Zellan
Zengerle
Zerksis
Zetter
Ziff
Zittrain
zombie
Íslenska
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# cat random.txt | tr '[:space:]' '[\n*]' | grep -v "^\s*$" | sort | uniq -c | sort -bnr
    453 the
    384 and
    373 of
    302 to
    220 a
    205 up
    193 ^
    193 Jump
    155 in
    143 is
    118 security
    115 as
    112 Retrieved
    108 for
     98 The
     94 or
     91 are
     87 that
     85 by
     82 be
     68 can
     65 on
     65 Security
     56 computer
     53 from
     51 with
     51 an
     47 such
     44 2016.
     43 systems
     42 Cyber
     41 system
     39 network
     39 data
     37 also
     37 access
     34 have
     34 at
     33 which
     33 software
     33 other
     33 In
     32 attacks
     31 they
     31 information
     30 cyber
     27 it
     27 government
     27 Computer
     26 December
     25 secure
     25 more
     25 May
     24 has
     23 into
     23 but
     23 been
     23 November
     23 Internet
     23 2014.
     22 used
     22 not
     22 may
     21 A
     20 all
     20 Safety
     19 these
     19 operating
     18 –
     18 this
     18 attack
     17 control
     17 National
     17 2015.
     16 were
     16 their
     16 some
     16 many
     16 known
     16 Public
     16 June
     16 Canada.
     16 29
     15 use
     15 devices
     15 cybersecurity
     15 breaches
     15 September
     15 Government
     14 where
     14 than
     14 physical
     14 only
     14 one
     14 could
     14 United
     14 October
     14 January
     14 It
     14 Information
     14 Department
     13 protect
     13 being
     13 Main
     13 23
     12 through
     12 most
     12 computers
     12 Cybersecurity
     12 Canada's
     11 using
     11 to:
     11 organizations
     11 infrastructure
     11 including
     11 engineering
     11 design
     11 critical
     11 between
     11 article:
     11 any
     11 able
     11 U.S.
     11 States
     11 April
     11 -
     11 (PDF).
     11 "The
     10 when
     10 was
     10 unauthorized
     10 systems.
     10 part
     10 new
     10 networks
     10 national
     10 management
     10 credit
     10 both
     10 b
     10 another
     10 There
     10 Federal
     10 Canada
     10 &
      9 will
      9 take
      9 should
      9 protection
      9 often
      9 million
      9 malicious
      9 make
      9 financial
      9 devices,
      9 connected
      9 common
      9 card
      9 breach
      9 Vulnerability
      9 Security.
      9 Secure
      9 On
      9 Medical
      9 Data
      8 who
      8 user
      8 them
      8 technology
      8 standard
      8 site
      8 response
      8 provides
      8 private
      8 prevent
      8 potential
      8 loss
      8 its
      8 if
      8 global
      8 even
      8 emergency
      8 electronic
      8 due
      8 Some
      8 Network
      8 J.
      8 ISBN
      8 4
      8 22
      8 2017.
      8 2013.
      7 well
      7 vulnerable
      7 vulnerabilities
      7 very
      7 techniques
      7 team
      7 systems,
      7 so
      7 service
      7 risk
      7 provide
      7 programs
      7 no
      7 military
      7 machine
      7 law
      7 how
      7 had
      7 hackers
      7 first
      7 firewall
      7 designed
      7 available
      7 against
      7 This
      7 Social
      7 Response
      7 Peter
      7 New
      7 NSA
      7 Management
      7 July
      7 International
      7 Impact
      7 Homeland
      7 Crime
      7 Business
      7 Ashley
      7 Act
      7 3
      7 2014).
      7 2010.
      7 1
      7 "Cybersecurity
      6 vulnerability
      6 verification
      6 system,
      6 successful
      6 social
      6 security.
      6 security,
      6 responsible
      6 recovery
      6 primary
      6 page
      6 order
      6 major
      6 made
      6 level
      6 industry
      6 important
      6 hardware
      6 hack
      6 group
      6 files
      6 example
      6 ensure
      6 either
      6 different
      6 detect
      6 damage
      6 crime
      6 controls
      6 code
      6 case
      6 cars
      6 attacker
      6 attacked
      6 about
      6 Vulnerabilities
      6 USB
      6 Things
      6 These
      6 Surfsafe®
      6 See
      6 News.
      6 March
      6 Madison
      6 If
      6 IT
      6 IEEE
      6 However,
      6 Home
      6 February
      6 Defense
      6 As
      6 6
      6 2016).
      6 2015).
      6 2014-03-20.
      6 2013,
      6 2011.
      6 2011).
      6 "Cyber
      5 you
      5 worm
      5 while
      5 website
      5 way
      5 via
      5 typically
      5 two
      5 tools
      5 threat
      5 there
      5 theft
      5 surveillance
      5 support
      5 services
      5 says
      5 possible
      5 portal
      5 own
      5 over
      5 out
      5 organisations
      5 online
      5 now
      5 mobile
      5 mechanisms
      5 means
      5 malware
      5 main
      5 machines
      5 like
      5 involves
      5 home
      5 hacking
      5 formal
      5 encryption
      5 early
      5 each
      5 during
      5 dedicated
      5 data,
      5 cyberspace
      5 customer
      5 cost
      5 company
      5 classified
      5 attempt
      5 attacks,
      5 aims
      5 account
      5 access,
      5 US
      5 Trusted
      5 They
      5 TJX
      5 Systems
      5 Stuxnet
      5 Strategy
      5 Reuters.
      5 Privacy
      5 Pakistan
      5 Office
      5 Incident
      5 Hospital
      5 Firewalls
      5 Cooperation
      5 Center
      5 Awareness
      5 Aviation
      5 After
      5 ?????
      5 9
      5 7
      5 5
      5 2012.
      5 2010
      5 20
      5 "U.S.
      5 "Internet
      4 §
      4 vulnerabilities.
      4 various
      4 users
      4 under
      4 traffic
      4 time
      4 targeted
      4 system.
      4 successfully
      4 source
      4 sensitive
      4 sector
      4 search
      4 scam
      4 same
      4 restricted
      4 report
      4 records
      4 range
      4 power
      4 position
      4 points
      4 personnel
      4 original
      4 operations
      4 number
      4 networks.
      4 measures
      4 list
      4 links
      4 legal
      4 least
      4 lack
      4 keep
      4 it.
      4 issues
      4 inside
      4 information.
      4 industrial
      4 individual
      4 increasing
      4 include
      4 incidents
      4 identify
      4 hospital
      4 having
      4 hacked
      4 getting
      4 gain
      4 free
      4 following
      4 flaws
      4 firm
      4 file
      4 estimates
      4 enforcement
      4 effective
      4 door
      4 division
      4 disable
      4 difficult
      4 details
      4 defined
      4 criminals
      4 criminal
      4 correctness
      4 controlled
      4 compromised
      4 companies
      4 communications
      4 communication
      4 coding
      4 certain
      4 cause
      4 cases
      4 capabilities
      4 breaches[edit]
      4 become
      4 because
      4 authentication
      4 architecture
      4 antivirus
      4 and/or
      4 also:
      4 after
      4 Your
      4 World
      4 Wikipedia
      4 White
      4 While
      4 Using
      4 Training
      4 Traffic
      4 Target
      4 System
      4 Such
      4 Strategy".
      4 Services
      4 Rome
      4 Proceedings
      4 Press.
      4 Plan
      4 Phishing
      4 Personnel
      4 Pakistan.
      4 Mobile
      4 Many
      4 Global
      4 FBI
      4 Europe
      4 Depot
      4 China
      4 Capabilities
      4 Bureau
      4 Breach
      4 BBC
      4 Automated
      4 August
      4 An
      4 Air
      4 Administration
      4 According
      4 26
      4 2015
      4 2014,
      4 18
      4 16
      4 11
      4 10
      4 (4
      4 (18
      3 your
      3 would
      3 world
      3 wireless
      3 websites
      3 web
      3 we
      3 viruses,
      3 virus
      3 victim
      3 unit
      3 underlying
      3 type
      3 trails
      3 tool
      3 times
      3 think
      3 then
      3 terms
      3 technique
      3 tasked
      3 task
      3 targets
      3 systems[edit]
      3 stored
      3 stolen
      3 still
      3 stealing
      3 started
      3 software,
      3 smart
      3 sites
      3 simple
      3 similar
      3 show
      3 shared
      3 services,
      3 serious
      3 series
      3 separation
      3 sent
      3 self-driving
      3 securing
      3 say
      3 role
      3 resulting
      3 research
      3 requires
      3 required
      3 reporting
      3 related
      3 regulation
      3 real
      3 public
      3 prove
      3 protecting
      3 problem
      3 preventing
      3 practical
      3 pp.
      3 policy
      3 policies
      3 point
      3 phone
      3 personal
      3 people
      3 passwords,
      3 passwords
      3 password
      3 particular
      3 outside
      3 otherwise
      3 obtain
      3 next
      3 network.
      3 needs
      3 much
      3 motivated
      3 mitigating
      3 might
      3 method
      3 messaging
      3 members
      3 medical
      3 making
      3 maintain
      3 logs
      3 likely
      3 legitimate
      3 led
      3 leadership
      3 large
      3 laptops
      3 key
      3 kept
      3 involved
      3 intrusion
      3 internal
      3 intended
      3 information,
      3 infected
      3 individuals
      3 implemented
      3 implement
      3 impersonating
      3 hit
      3 health
      3 hardware,
      3 growing
      3 ground
      3 government,
      3 given
      3 generally
      3 forms
      3 firms
      3 filtering
      3 field
      3 exist
      3 example,
      3 essentially
      3 equipment
      3 entry
      3 energy
      3 employees
      3 emails
      3 email
      3 dongles
      3 dongle,
      3 disaster
      3 directly
      3 digital
      3 development
      3 detection
      3 defines
      3 current
      3 create
      3 crackers
      3 corporations
      3 copy
      3 controls.
      3 controlling
      3 considered
      3 concerns
      3 computers,
      3 commonly
      3 come
      3 cell
      3 caused
      3 cards
      3 card,
      3 called
      3 built
      3 building
      3 breach,
      3 below.
      3 believed
      3 bank
      3 backdoor
      3 authorized
      3 authorities
      3 attempted
      3 attackers
      3 assistance
      3 assist
      3 article
      3 application
      3 and,
      3 alternate
      3 almost
      3 air
      3 agree
      3 agency
      3 address
      3 action
      3 Wired.
      3 Wikimedia
      3 What
      3 Weapons
      3 Tier3
      3 Telegraph.
      3 South
      3 So
      3 Smart
      3 Security".
      3 Science
      3 S.
      3 Role
      3 Robert
      3 Reporting
      3 Privilege
      3 Of
      3 Next
      3 Morris
      3 More
      3 Media
      3 List
      3 Life
      3 Law
      3 Large
      3 Journal.
      3 Job
      3 Jim
      3 Investigation
      3 Intrusion
      3 Internet,
      3 Insider.
      3 Indian
      3 Inc.
      3 House
      3 Group,
      3 Further
      3 For
      3 Financial
      3 Even
      3 European
      3 Edward
      3 Eavesdropping
      3 Denial
      3 David
      3 Cyberwarfare
      3 Critical
      3 Conference
      3 Communications
      3 Commons
      3 Cloud
      3 Chinese
      3 Centre
      3 Center,
      3 Canadian
      3 CSIRTs
      3 CEO
      3 CCIRC
      3 CBS
      3 Attack
      3 Archived
      3 Agency
      3 Advanced
      3 About
      3 ???????
      3 ??????
      3 ???
      3 4,
      3 30
      3 3,
      3 24
      3 2016,
      3 2016
      3 2015,
      3 2013
      3 2010–2015
      3 2010,
      3 2010).
      3 2009.
      3 2008.
      3 2
      3 14,
      3 12
      3 1,
      3 /
      3 (in
      3 (Federal
      3 (2015).
      3 "What
      3 "Hackers
      3 "Government
      3 "Computer
      2 —
      2 yet
      2 worms,
      2 worms
      2 worldwide
      2 world,
      2 working
      2 work
      2 without
      2 whole
      2 whether
      2 webpage
      2 ways
      2 vulnerabilities[edit]
      2 vulnerabilities,
      2 viruses
      2 vehicles,
      2 vary
      2 value
      2 utilities,
      2 upon
      2 updates
      2 unrestricted
      2 unlock
      2 unknown
      2 unfamiliar
      2 turn
      2 trusted
      2 tricked
      2 transmissions
      2 tracks.
      2 traced
      2 total
      2 top
      2 together
      2 to,
      2 titles
      2 threats,
      2 threats
      2 those
      2 this.
      2 this,
      2 theorem
      2 text
      2 testing,
      2 test
      2 terrorist
      2 term
      2 technology,
      2 technologies
      2 technical
      2 teams
      2 team's
      2 tax
      2 taken
      2 system's
      2 switch
      2 susceptibility
      2 student
      2 strengthen
      2 strategy
      2 store
      2 state
      2 standards
      2 spread
      2 someone
      2 solve
      2 solutions.
      2 solely
      2 software.
      2 so-called
      2 small
      2 skills
      2 since
      2 simply
      2 sheer
      2 several
      2 serve
      2 sensors
      2 see
      2 security)
      2 secure.
      2 section
      2 secret
      2 second
      2 scheme
      2 scan
      2 said
      2 safety
      2 safe
      2 running
      2 run
      2 rules
      2 risks
      2 result
      2 response.
      2 respond
      2 requirements
      2 require
      2 reported
      2 remotely
      2 reliance
      2 reliability
      2 released
      2 release
      2 relationship
      2 regulations
      2 regular
      2 refers
      2 reducing
      2 reduce
      2 redress
      2 records,
      2 recommends
      2 readiness
      2 ransomware
      2 raised
      2 radio
      2 pursuing
      2 purpose
      2 proving
      2 proven
      2 protected
      2 properly
      2 proof
      2 projects
      2 program
      2 products.
      2 processes
      2 problems
      2 problem.
      2 privileges
      2 privilege
      2 privacy
      2 principle
      2 prevention
      2 prevalent
      2 potentially
      2 possible,
      2 ports,
      2 police
      2 platform
      2 planes
      2 piece
      2 person
      2 permanently
      2 per
      2 passenger
      2 packet
      2 p.
      2 overall
      2 outlines
      2 our
      2 organization
      2 option
      2 opportunities
      2 operates
      2 operate
      2 opened
      2 open
      2 one.
      2 onboard
      2 officials
      2 offer
      2 occur.
      2 numbers,
      2 nuclear
      2 notes
      2 non-profit
      2 newer
      2 networks,
      2 network,
      2 needed]
      2 needed
      2 multiple
      2 moving
      2 mouse
      2 motivation
      2 modules
      2 model
      2 mitigate
      2 miles
      2 microkernel
      2 methods
      2 meet
      2 media.
      2 media
      2 measures,
      2 mean
      2 manufacturers
      2 mandatory
      2 mainly
      2 low-level,
      2 lose
      2 locks,
      2 lock
      2 location,
      2 location
      2 located
      2 local
      2 lists
      2 listening
      2 link
      2 levels
      2 leave
      2 lead
      2 laws
      2 launched
      2 kinds
      2 key,
      2 just
      2 jurisdiction
      2 job
      2 itself
      2 it,
      2 issue
      2 involve
      2 investment
      2 intruders
      2 introduced
      2 internet
      2 international
      2 intelligence
      2 integrity,
      2 integrity
      2 insecure
      2 initiative
      2 information;
      2 info
      2 industries
      2 increasingly
      2 increases
      2 includes
      2 incidents,
      2 improve
      2 implementation
      2 identification
      2 however,
      2 host
      2 hospitals
      2 hijack
      2 high-level
      2 high
      2 helps
      2 help
      2 harm
      2 hardware.
      2 hard
      2 half
      2 hacker
      2 hacked,
      2 hack:
      2 hack".
      2 growth
      2 governments
      2 giving
      2 gets
      2 general
      2 gather
      2 für
      2 functions
      2 full
      2 fraud,
      2 fought
      2 form
      2 foreign
      2 force
      2 fixes
      2 firewalls
      2 files,
      2 federal
      2 fake
      2 failure
      2 extremist
      2 external
      2 experts
      2 expected
      2 exist,
      2 exfiltration
      2 evidence
      2 event
      2 especially
      2 escalation
      2 entire
      2 enter
      2 enforcing
      2 end
      2 dump
      2 driverless
      2 drive
      2 down
      2 dongle
      2 done
      2 doesn't
      2 does
      2 do
      2 division/staff.
      2 disrupt
      2 discovered
      2 disclosures
      2 disclosed
      2 disasters,
      2 direct
      2 diagnostic
      2 device
      2 detection,
      2 detail
      2 design,
      2 design".
      2 describes
      2 described
      2 der
      2 depending
      2 deny
      2 denial-of-service
      2 deliberately
      2 delete
      2 defending
      2 deadly
      2 customers'
      2 curb
      2 cryptographic
      2 crucial
      2 criticized
      2 cripple
      2 crimes
      2 creates
      2 created
      2 covert
      2 cover
      2 counterpart
      2 countermeasures
      2 content
      2 contact
      2 consumer
      2 consists
      2 connect
      2 concerned
      2 concern
      2 computing
      2 computers.
      2 computer.
      2 computer,
      2 compromise
      2 components
      2 company's
      2 communications,
      2 command
      2 collect
      2 cloud.
      2 closely
      2 clicking
      2 click
      2 claimed
      2 ciphers
      2 charged
      2 changes
      2 challenges
      2 categories
      2 cases,
      2 cards".
      2 car's
      2 car
      2 capability
      2 capabilities.
      2 cannot
      2 can,
      2 c
      2 button
      2 bulk
      2 breach[edit]
      2 breach".
      2 block
      2 biometric
      2 billion
      2 best
      2 behind
      2 before
      2 basically
      2 based
      2 bank,
      2 backups
      2 backup
      2 backs
      2 away
      2 awareness
      2 aviation
      2 automated
      2 authentic
      2 audit
      2 attacks[edit]
      2 attacks.
      2 attackers.
      2 attack[edit]
      2 attack,
      2 attack".
      2 atop
      2 assesses
      2 area
      2 approach
      2 announced
      2 analyst
      2 analysis,
      2 amount
      2 among
      2 although
      2 along
      2 algorithms
      2 alert
      2 airport
      2 aimed
      2 affects
      2 affected
      2 affect
      2 advanced
      2 administrator
      2 addresses,
      2 addition,
      2 added
      2 actually
      2 actions[edit]
      2 actions
      2 across
      2 accounts,
      2 accessed
      2 abuse
      2 You
      2 York
      2 World.
      2 Working
      2 With
      2 Windows
      2 Warnings
      2 Wall
      2 Utilities
      2 Use
      2 University
      2 USENIX
      2 U.S.C.
      2 Transportation
      2 Trade
      2 Tools
      2 To
      2 Times.
      2 Things:
      2 Things".
      2 Technology
      2 Technologies,
      2 Technologies
      2 Technica.
      2 Tampering
      2 Street
      2 Steve
      2 Stefan
      2 Spoofing
      2 Space
      2 Sony
      2 Software
      2 Service)
      2 Security,
      2 Sean
      2 Scott,
      2 Science,
      2 San
      2 Risk
      2 Review.
      2 Research
      2 Related
      2 Register.
      2 Reducing
      2 Reading.
      2 R.
      2 Puts
      2 Program".
      2 People
      2 Penetration
      2 Pauli,
      2 Pakistan".
      2 P.
      2 Operating
      2 Open
      2 Only
      2 Officer
      2 Oct
      2 OS
      2 Notable
      2 Not
      2 News
      2 Networks
      2 Network.
      2 Needs
      2 NPR.org.
      2 NCAZ
      2 Month
      2 Monitor
      2 Money.
      2 Modern
      2 Minister
      2 Milwaukee
      2 Million
      2 Michael
      2 McKinnon
      2 Martin
      2 Market
      2 Management,
      2 Lords
      2 Lessons
      2 Legal
      2 Lawrence;
      2 Launches
      2 Korea
      2 Knowledge
      2 Kill
      2 Kevin
      2 Justice
      2 Journal
      2 Jeep
      2 James
      2 It".
      2 Iran's
      2 Introducer
      2 Intelligence
      2 Infrastructure
      2 InfraGard
      2 Identity
      2 IP
      2 Hospitals
      2 Holger
      2 Highway
      2 Harvard
      2 Hardware
      2 Hackers
      2 Hacker
      2 Hack
      2 HBGary
      2 Group
      2 Glossary
      2 Glass
      2 Get
      2 Germany
      2 German
      2 Game
      2 G.
      2 From
      2 Framework
      2 Foundation
      2 Formal
      2 Forbes.
      2 Food
      2 Finkle
      2 Feb
      2 External
      2 Eurocontrol.int".
      2 Encryption
      2 Drug
      2 Disk
      2 Direct-access
      2 Devices
      2 Design
      2 Denning
      2 Denial-of-service
      2 Defense,
      2 Darren.
      2 Dark
      2 Daily
      2 Cybercrime
      2 Cryptographic
      2 Contents
      2 Content
      2 Consumer
      2 Conference.
      2 Conceptual
      2 Computerworld.
      2 Comprehensive
      2 Complaint
      2 Common
      2 Clarke
      2 Cisco,
      2 Christian
      2 Chris
      2 Chief
      2 Capability
      2 Canadians
      2 CNN
      2 By
      2 Brian
      2 Bluetooth,
      2 Bluetooth
      2 Beyond
      2 Be
      2 Backups
      2 B.
      2 Avid
      2 Authentication
      2 Attacker
      2 Associated
      2 Arstechnica.com.
      2 Ars
      2 Arachchilage,
      2 Apple,
      2 Another
      2 Analyzes
      2 Americans
      2 American
      2 Action
      2 Accountability
      2 Access
      2 AT&T,
      2 ACLs
      2 79
      2 56
      2 53
      2 31,
      2 31
      2 30,
      2 29,
      2 28
      2 27,
      2 24,
      2 20th
      2 2015-01-09.
      2 2013).
      2 2012).
      2 2011-10-31.
      2 2011,
      2 2011
      2 2009,
      2 2007,
      2 2000.
      2 1988,
      2 1986
      2 19,
      2 19
      2 16,
      2 13
      2 100
      2 --
      2 (security)
      2 (pdf).
      2 (i.e.,
      2 (for
      2 (computing)
      2 (computer
      2 (June
      2 (February
      2 (December
      2 (9
      2 (5
      2 (27
      2 (24
      2 (23
      2 (2014).
      2 (17
      2 "the
      2 "something
      2 "segments"
      2 "fail
      2 "computer
      2 "Why
      2 "Target
      2 "Social
      2 "Security
      2 "Secure
      2 "Protecting
      2 "New
      2 "National
      2 "Mikko
      2 "MAAWG".
      2 "How
      2 "Home
      2 "Hacking
      2 "Hacker
      2 "Gary
      2 "Former
      2 "Formal
      2 "Federal
      2 "FAA
      2 "Action
      1 …
      1 Íslenska
      1 |url=
      1 zombie
      1 years.[12]
      1 year".
      1 year
      1 wrong
      1 writing
      1 worry
      1 worms.
      1 worm[edit]
      1 worm".[113]
      1 worldwide,[19]
      1 world."[143]
      1 world."[133]
      1 world)
      1 workstations.
      1 workstations
      1 workers
      1 work.
      1 within
      1 wiping
      1 wifi
      1 widely,
      1 why".
      1 whose
      1 whitepaper,
      1 whitehat
      1 wheel.[35]
      1 what
      1 well.[106]
      1 well.
      1 website.[148]
      1 website.
      1 website,
      1 website".
      1 webcasts.[188][189][190]
      1 web-based
      1 weaponized
      1 waves,
      1 waterproof,
      1 water
      1 watches,
      1 warships.[180]
      1 wars
      1 warrant
      1 warns
      1 warnings.
      1 warfare[edit]
      1 warfare.
      1 warfare
      1 wanted
      1 vulnerability."[180]
      1 vulnerability.
      1 vulnerability,
      1 vulnerability"
      1 vulnerabilities.[43]
      1 vulnerabilities,[90]
      1 vulnerabilities",[89]
      1 vs.
      1 voluntarily
      1 volumes
      1 voice
      1 vital,
      1 vital
      1 visibility
      1 viruses]
      1 viruses,[70][71][72]
      1 virus".
      1 virtually
      1 virtual)
      1 virtual
      1 violated
      1 viewWikimedia
      1 victims,
      1 victim.
      1 victim's
      1 viable
      1 version
      1 verified
      1 verification?".
      1 vectors,
      1 vector,[36]
      1 vector
      1 vaults.
      1 variety
      1 vandals,
      1 valve
      1 validation
      1 v
      1 utilizes
      1 utilized
      1 utilities
      1 uses
      1 users.[6]
      1 users.[10]
      1 users,
      1 users),
      1 usernames,
      1 user.[114]
      1 use.
      1 uranium
      1 upgrade
      1 updates,
      1 up'".
      1 unveiled
      1 until
      1 unsophisticated
      1 unscramble
      1 unsafe
      1 unreported
      1 unreadable
      1 unpatched
      1 unless
      1 unleashes
      1 uninteresting,"
      1 unintentionally
      1 uniform
      1 unified
      1 unidentified
      1 understand
      1 undergone
      1 uncommon.
      1 unclear.[131]
      1 unavailable
      1 ubiquitous
      1 typing
      1 typical
      1 types
      1 turning
      1 turned
      1 tunnel
      1 trying
      1 try
      1 trust,
      1 trust
      1 troops,
      1 trojan
      1 triggered
      1 tricks
      1 tree
      1 treaty
      1 transportation,
      1 transportation
      1 transpired
      1 transparent
      1 transmission.
      1 transmission),
      1 transmission
      1 transit
      1 transforming
      1 transferring
      1 transfer
      1 transactions.[116]
      1 transactions,
      1 training,
      1 training
      1 traffic.
      1 trademark
      1 tracking
      1 trackers
      1 tracked
      1 traces
      1 tornadoes,
      1 tolerance
      1 together.
      1 titled
      1 tiny
      1 timing,
      1 time.
      1 tickets
      1 thwart
      1 thumb
      1 through."[136]
      1 thrill-seekers
      1 three
      1 threats.[86][87]
      1 threats".
      1 threatened
      1 threaten
      1 threat.[59]
      1 threat,
      1 threat),
      1 third
      1 things
      1 thieves.[105]
      1 they,
      1 thermostat
      1 theory
      1 theoretically
      1 themselves
      1 them,
      1 thefts
      1 theft,
      1 theft)
      1 theft".
      1 theatre
      1 that—rather
      1 that,
      1 tests
      1 tensioners,
      1 temporary
      1 templatesComputer
      1 televisions
      1 television
      1 telecommunications,
      1 technologyCybercrimeInformation
      1 technology.
      1 technological
      1 teams[edit]
      1 team[edit]
      1 team.[138]
      1 team"
      1 tasks
      1 tasking
      1 targets.[26]
      1 targets.
      1 targets,
      1 target.
      1 tapping
      1 tapes
      1 tampered
      1 taking
      1 taken.[81][82][83]
      1 tackle
      1 tablet
      1 t
      1 systems,[57][58]
      1 system;[112]
      1 system.The
      1 system".
      1 swift
      1 surrounds
      1 surreptitiously
      1 surrendered
      1 suitable
      1 suffered
      1 such,
      1 succeeded.
      1 subvert
      1 subsystems.
      1 subsystem
      1 subscribers
      1 subject
      1 stylesheets,
      1 style
      1 studying
      1 study
      1 stronger
      1 strong
      1 stringent
      1 strikes
      1 strike
      1 strategy:
      1 strategy.[146]
      1 strategy,
      1 stratcom.mil.
      1 story
      1 storage
      1 stopped
      1 stolen.
      1 stolen".
      1 stereo
      1 step
      1 steering
      1 steal
      1 stay
      1 station,
      1 states
      1 statementMobile
      1 stated
      1 starts
      1 standards,
      1 standards".[42]
      1 standardization
      1 stand
      1 stack
      1 srpski
      1 spyware,
      1 spreads
      1 spreading
      1 spoofing
      1 spiegel.de
      1 spends
      1 spend
      1 spells
      1 specifies
      1 specified
      1 specifications.
      1 specification
      1 specifically
      1 specific
      1 specialized
      1 special
      1 speaks:
      1 spam,
      1 space
      1 sovereign
      1 sophisticated
      1 solutions
      1 solution
      1 soldiers
      1 software-only
      1 software-based.
      1 society.[155]
      1 societies,[4]
      1 societies
      1 smartphones,
      1 smaller
      1 slow
      1 skyrockets".
      1 size
      1 situations,
      1 situation.
      1 situation
      1 sites,
      1 site,
      1 single
      1 similar.
      1 silence
      1 significant
      1 signed
      1 shown
      1 shortage"
      1 short
      1 shielded
      1 shield
      1 sexual
      1 settings,
      1 sets
      1 services.[173]
      1 services".[84]
      1 serves
      1 servers.[73][65][74][75][76]
      1 servers.[33][34]
      1 servers.
      1 servers
      1 server.
      1 server-side
      1 server,
      1 seriously".
      1 separate,
      1 separate
      1 sensors,
      1 sensitivity
      1 sending
      1 selling
      1 self
      1 seizure
      1 segments,
      1 seen
      1 seeks
      1 securityE-commerceSecure
      1 securityCryptographyComputer
      1 securityCrime
      1 security.[8]
      1 security".
      1 security"
      1 securely
      1 secured.
      1 secure"
      1 sectors.[147]
      1 sectors,
      1 sectors
      1 sector,
      1 sections:
      1 secrets
      1 seat
      1 seL4/ARMv6
      1 seL4,[94]
      1 se
      1 scrutinized
      1 screens
      1 screen
      1 scrambling
      1 scientist
      1 schemes
      1 scheme,
      1 scenario
      1 scans
      1 scanning,
      1 scanners
      1 scanner,
      1 scanner
      1 scam".
      1 scale".
      1 sansad.nic.in,
      1 safer
      1 safeguard
      1 safe,
      1 rücken
      1 run.
      1 ruling
      1 rule,
      1 ruined
      1 routing
      1 routinely
      1 routers[9]
      1 router,
      1 router
      1 roughly
      1 root"
      1 room
      1 roles/titles,
      1 role.
      1 road
      1 risk[edit]
      1 risk,[97][98]
      1 risen
      1 ring
      1 reviews
      1 review
      1 revealed,
      1 return
      1 retaliation
      1 retail.[183]
      1 resulted
      1 result,
      1 restricts
      1 restrictions.
      1 responsibility
      1 responsibilities,
      1 responds
      1 responding
      1 responders
      1 responded
      1 respectively.
      1 resources
      1 resourced,
      1 resource
      1 resolved
      1 resigned,
      1 researchgate.net.
      1 researched.
      1 resale.[30]
      1 requirement.[91]
      1 reputation
      1 reproducible."
      1 reports
      1 reportedly
      1 replicate
      1 replace
      1 repercussions
      1 remove
      1 removable
      1 remotely,
      1 remotely".
      1 remote
      1 remedy
      1 remediating
      1 remarked,
      1 remains
      1 remained
      1 relies
      1 reliant
      1 relevant.
      1 release,
      1 release).
      1 relatively
      1 relative
      1 relate
      1 regulations.[40][41]
      1 regulations,
      1 regulation[edit]
      1 regulation.
      1 regulation,
      1 regularly
      1 registered.
      1 registered
      1 regional
      1 region,
      1 regards
      1 regardless
      1 reflection
      1 refinement
      1 referring
      1 reduces
      1 reduced
      1 recreational
      1 recover
      1 recounted
      1 records,[53]
      1 records".
      1 record.[192]
      1 recommended
      1 recommendations
      1 recognition
      1 recipient
      1 recently,
      1 recently
      1 recent
      1 receivers,
      1 receiver.
      1 reasons;
      1 reasons:
      1 reasons,
      1 reasons
      1 reasonable
      1 real-time
      1 reading[edit]
      1 reading
      1 readers,
      1 reader
      1 reachable.
      1 rational
      1 ratio
      1 rather
      1 rate
      1 rapidly
      1 ransom
      1 radiation
      1 radar
      1 race".
      1 question
      1 quarterly
      1 quality
      1 puts
      1 pushed
      1 push-button
      1 purposes
      1 purchases,
      1 punish,
      1 pumps.[63]
      1 publicly
      1 public-key
      1 proxies,
      1 provisions
      1 providing
      1 providers.
      1 providers
      1 provided
      1 provide.[1]
      1 protocols
      1 protects
      1 protections
      1 protection,
      1 prosecute.[133][134]
      1 proposed,
      1 property
      1 properties,
      1 proper
      1 proofs
      1 promotion
      1 promise
      1 prominent
      1 project
      1 prohibits
      1 progressively
      1 programming
      1 programmed
      1 programmable
      1 program,[25]
      1 profiles
      1 profile:
      1 professionals.
      1 professionals
      1 professional
      1 products
      1 production
      1 produce
      1 processor,
      1 processor
      1 processes:
      1 processes,
      1 process,[99][100]
      1 process
      1 proceedings
      1 procedures.[3]
      1 procedures.
      1 procedures
      1 procedure.
      1 procedure,
      1 probe".
      1 probability
      1 proactive
      1 privilege,
      1 priority
      1 print
      1 price".
      1 preventionNational
      1 prevention,
      1 prevented
      1 prevent.
      1 prevent,
      1 prevalence
      1 presumed
      1 press
      1 president
      1 presented
      1 prescription
      1 precisely
      1 precautions
      1 practices.
      1 practice.
      1 practice,
      1 practice
      1 powers.[49][50][51][52]
      1 power-grid.[135]
      1 pots
      1 posts
      1 post-attack
      1 possible.
      1 possible,[92][93]
      1 positioned,
      1 posing
      1 ports
      1 portal.
      1 portable
      1 port
      1 popularity
      1 popular
      1 poor
      1 politically
      1 political,
      1 policyAbout
      1 polemical
      1 point,
      1 players,
      1 played
      1 platforms,
      1 plants,
      1 planting
      1 planning
      1 plane
      1 plan
      1 plaintext
      1 places
      1 placed
      1 place.
      1 place
      1 ping
      1 pillars
      1 pigs
      1 phones.
      1 phones,
      1 phones
      1 phone.
      1 phone,
      1 phishing
      1 phenomenon
      1 petabyte
      1 pertinent
      1 perspective
      1 personally
      1 person.[191]
      1 persistent
      1 perpetrator
      1 perpetrated
      1 permanently.
      1 permanent
      1 perform
      1 percentage
      1 percent
      1 penetration
      1 penetrate
      1 payment
      1 patients'
      1 patients
      1 patient
      1 path
      1 patching
      1 patches
      1 patched
      1 party
      1 partners
      1 partnering
      1 partnered
      1 particular,
      1 participates
      1 part,
      1 parent
      1 panel
      1 paid
      1 pages
      1 page.
      1 page,
      1 padlock.svgComputer
      1 pacemakers[62]
      1 owned
      1 overload
      1 outages,
      1 outage
      1 out:
      1 others.
      1 others
      1 other.
      1 originate
      1 organized
      1 organizations.
      1 organizations,
      1 organizations),
      1 organizations'
      1 organization.
      1 organization-wide
      1 organised
      1 organisation
      1 or/and
      1 option,
      1 optimal
      1 operators,
      1 operator
      1 opening
      1 opened.
      1 opaque
      1 onto
      1 only)
      1 online.[150]
      1 online.[143]
      1 online."[132]
      1 online-content.
      1 online-content
      1 ongoing.
      1 ongoing
      1 one-fifth
      1 one's
      1 once.
      1 offsite
      1 offshore.[21]
      1 offline,
      1 offline
      1 officially
      1 official".
      1 official
      1 officers
      1 office.[127]
      1 offers
      1 off
      1 oceans
      1 occurs,
      1 occurred
      1 occur
      1 obstacle
      1 obligations
      1 objects
      1 objective.[152]
      1 objective
      1 object-oriented
      1 object
      1 numbers.[126]
      1 numbers
      1 now".
      1 notification
      1 northern
      1 normal
      1 none
      1 nondisclosure
      1 non-profit,
      1 non-iOS
      1 non-governmental
      1 non-cryptographic
      1 non-computer
      1 non-Internet-connected
      1 news-media,
      1 new,
      1 never
      1 networks;
      1 networks.[171][172]
      1 networks.[169]
      1 networks.[107]
      1 networks),
      1 networking
      1 networked
      1 network".
      1 net".
      1 neither
      1 need
      1 necessities
      1 necessary,
      1 necessarily
      1 nearly
      1 near-minimum
      1 navigational
      1 navigation
      1 nature.
      1 nature
      1 native
      1 names,
      1 names
      1 name
      1 must
      1 munitions
      1 multi-agency
      1 moves
      1 movement
      1 moved
      1 mounts
      1 motives
      1 motive
      1 motivations
      1 motivation[edit]
      1 motivate
      1 mostly
      1 more.
      1 more).
      1 monitoring,
      1 monitoring
      1 money,
      1 money
      1 modules,
      1 module
      1 modified.
      1 modified
      1 modifications,
      1 modification
      1 modem)
      1 models
      1 modelling
      1 mobile-enabled
      1 misuse.
      1 misuse
      1 misdirection
      1 minimizing
      1 minicomputers
      1 millions
      1 military-style
      1 microprocessors,
      1 microphones,
      1 microphones
      1 microchip
      1 mice.[7]
      1 methodology
      1 methodologies.
      1 meters
      1 messaging,
      1 message;
      1 message
      1 merchandise
      1 menu
      1 mentioned
      1 memory
      1 members".
      1 mechanisms[edit]
      1 mechanism
      1 measures[edit]
      1 measure
      1 meant
      1 means,
      1 meaning
      1 matters.
      1 mathematically
      1 matching
      1 massive
      1 mashable.com
      1 market[edit]
      1 market.[15]
      1 market.
      1 market
      1 manufacturing
      1 manufacturers,
      1 manufacturers'
      1 manner,
      1 manner
      1 mandate
      1 managing
      1 manages
      1 management[edit]
      1 management,
      1 man
      1 malware,
      1 malpractice
      1 maliciously
      1 maintaining
      1 mainframes,
      1 magazine
      1 macroeconomic
      1 machine,
      1 lurches
      1 low-level
      1 low
      1 lot
      1 losses
      1 loss/damage
      1 losing
      1 looking
      1 look
      1 longer
      1 long-term
      1 long
      1 login
      1 logic
      1 logged
      1 locks.[60]
      1 locks".
      1 locks
      1 locked/unlocked
      1 locked,
      1 locations.
      1 locations
      1 location.
      1 locates
      1 located.
      1 loaded
      1 lists[edit]
      1 listed
      1 links[edit]
      1 links,
      1 limited
      1 like.
      1 light
      1 life,
      1 licensing
      1 liabilities
      1 level.
      1 level,
      1 less
      1 legislation.
      1 legislation
      1 legally
      1 left
      1 learning
      1 leaks,
      1 leak
      1 leads
      1 leading
      1 layers.
      1 law,
      1 launches
      1 last
      1 largest
      1 larger,
      1 largely
      1 language.
      1 language
      1 labeling—it
      1 labeling:
      1 labeling,
      1 labeling
      1 labeled
      1 knowledgeable
      1 know";
      1 know
      1 kind
      1 keystrokes.
      1 keys,
      1 keyloggers,
      1 key.svgCryptography
      1 key.
      1 kernel)
      1 keeps
      1 keeping
      1 jurisdiction.
      1 judge,
      1 jolt".
      1 jets.[111]
      1 jets
      1 jet
      1 item
      1 issues.
      1 issued
      1 issue?
      1 is,
      1 irrelevant
      1 involved.[55][56]
      1 involved.
      1 invoked
      1 invisible
      1 investigation
      1 investigating
      1 investigates
      1 investigated
      1 intrusions
      1 intrusion[115]
      1 intrusion.
      1 intrusion-aware
      1 introduction
      1 introduce
      1 intranets
      1 interview
      1 intervention.
      1 intervention
      1 intervene
      1 internet-based
      1 interfering
      1 interference.
      1 interested
      1 interest
      1 intercepted
      1 interactive
      1 interactions
      1 interaction
      1 intentionally
      1 intentional,
      1 intellectual
      1 integration
      1 integrating
      1 integrated
      1 integral
      1 insurance.
      1 insurance
      1 insulin
      1 instructed
      1 instant
      1 instance,
      1 installing
      1 inserting
      1 insecurity,
      1 insecure.
      1 insecure"
      1 ins
      1 input,
      1 innovate
      1 innocent
      1 injection,[2]
      1 initial
      1 infrastructure.[164]
      1 infrastructure.
      1 infrastructure,
      1 informing
      1 information:
      1 infiltrated
      1 infection
      1 infeasible.
      1 individuals,
      1 individually
      1 indirectly
      1 indicated
      1 independently
      1 increases.
      1 incorporated
      1 including:
      1 included
      1 include:[185]
      1 include:
      1 incidents.
      1 incident.[149]
      1 incident.[145]
      1 incident,
      1 incident
      1 incentive.[44]
      1 inadequate,
      1 inaccessible
      1 inTalkContributionsCreate
      1 inArticleTalkReadEditView
      1 in-progress
      1 in-hospital
      1 improving
      1 improvements.
      1 improvements
      1 improvement
      1 improved
      1 impossible
      1 importance
      1 implementation,
      1 implanted
      1 implant".
      1 immediate
      1 illustrative
      1 ignored;
      1 iframes,
      1 identity
      1 identifying,
      1 identifying
      1 identify,
      1 identifiable
      1 identical
      1 ideally,
      1 ideal,
      1 hygiene
      1 hurricanes,
      1 hurricane
      1 hundred
      1 however;
      1 hotel
      1 hosts
      1 hosting
      1 hostile
      1 horses,
      1 hooking
      1 holds.
      1 historySearch
      1 history
      1 hiring
      1 highly
      1 highlighted
      1 highest
      1 high-technology
      1 here
      1 helping
      1 helped"
      1 heists
      1 heavy
      1 heat
      1 healthcare
      1 head
      1 he
      1 have";
      1 hardware;
      1 hardware-based
      1 hardware-
      1 harder
      1 happen
      1 hands-on
      1 handover
      1 handled
      1 handle
      1 hand,
      1 hacktivist
      1 hacking:
      1 hackers.[39]
      1 hackers".
      1 hacked;
      1 guns
      1 guidelines
      1 guidance
      1 guard
      1 guaranteed
      1 grow.
      1 groups
      1 group,
      1 grid,
      1 grid
      1 grants
      1 graduate
      1 governments.
      1 government[edit]
      1 governance
      1 goods
      1 good
      1 going
      1 goes
      1 go
      1 globally
      1 get
      1 geographic
      1 generated
      1 general.
      1 general,
      1 gathering
      1 gateway
      1 gatekeeper
      1 gas
      1 gains
      1 gaining
      1 gained
      1 gain.
      1 future,
      1 future
      1 furthermore
      1 further.
      1 funding
      1 functional.
      1 function.
      1 function
      1 frontier
      1 front
      1 freedom
      1 fraudulent
      1 fraud.[17]
      1 framework
      1 framed
      1 frame
      1 fraction
      1 fourth
      1 four
      1 founded
      1 forward
      1 forms.[13]
      1 forms,
      1 former
      1 formally
      1 forgery,
      1 foresee
      1 forensics,
      1 forensics
      1 forensic
      1 forcefully
      1 force,
      1 for)
      1 fooled
      1 fool
      1 following:
      1 follow
      1 focuses
      1 flux
      1 flexible
      1 flaws.[citation
      1 flaw.
      1 flaw
      1 fixed,
      1 fix
      1 five-year
      1 firmware.
      1 firmware
      1 firm's
      1 firewall",
      1 fireproof,
      1 fire,
      1 fingerprints
      1 finds
      1 find
      1 financially
      1 finances,
      1 finance,
      1 finance
      1 filtering.
      1 filter
      1 fighting
      1 fighters,
      1 fight
      1 fields
      1 fewer
      1 few
      1 feel
      1 feds
      1 features
      1 feature.
      1 favored,
      1 fastest
      1 fast-growing[181]
      1 fast
      1 far
      1 fantasies
      1 faint
      1 failure.[14]
      1 fail-safe
      1 factory
      1 factor
      1 fact
      1 facing
      1 facility.
      1 facilities
      1 face
      1 eyes
      1 extremely
      1 extramarital
      1 extradition
      1 extra
      1 extent
      1 extends
      1 extend
      1 exposes
      1 exposed
      1 explosion
      1 exploitsCyberwarfareWeapons
      1 exploits,[68][69]
      1 exploits".
      1 exploited,
      1 exploitations.[140]
      1 exploitable
      1 exploit
      1 explained".
      1 explained
      1 expert:
      1 expert
      1 experience
      1 exit
      1 exists.[5]
      1 existing
      1 existence,
      1 existed
      1 executives
      1 executable
      1 exchanged
      1 exchange
      1 excessive
      1 exception
      1 except
      1 examples.
      1 examples
      1 example.
      1 examines
      1 evolving
      1 everyone
      1 ever
      1 eventually
      1 events
      1 event'
      1 evaluation
      1 etc.
      1 estimating
      1 established
      1 essentially,
      1 essential
      1 escalation[edit]
      1 eradication
      1 equivalent
      1 equipment[edit]
      1 equipment[61]
      1 environments
      1 environment.
      1 environment"
      1 entertainment
      1 entering
      1 enrichment
      1 enough
      1 enhanced
      1 enhance
      1 engineering[edit]
      1 engineering.
      1 engineering,
      1 engineering).
      1 engineer
      1 engine
      1 enforcement,
      1 enforceable
      1 enforce,
      1 energy.
      1 energy,
      1 end-points
      1 encyclopedia
      1 encryption[122]
      1 encryption.[154]
      1 encrypting
      1 encrypted
      1 encrypt
      1 encompass
      1 enables
      1 enable
      1 employees'
      1 employee
      1 employ
      1 embedded
      1 embarrass
      1 emails.
      1 else.
      1 eliminating
      1 eliminate
      1 elevate
      1 electronics,
      1 electromagnetic
      1 electro-magnetic
      1 efficiently.
      1 efficiently
      1 efficiency,
      1 effects
      1 ed.).
      1 economic
      1 eavesdropping.
      1 eavesdroppers
      1 eavesdropped
      1 eavesdrop
      1 easily
      1 earthquakes,
      1 earlier
      1 e-system
      1 e-Scouts
      1 e-Learning
      1 e
      1 dynamic
      1 duties,
      1 dumped
      1 dump,
      1 drugs
      1 drove
      1 dropped
      1 drop
      1 driving,
      1 driving
      1 drives.[193]
      1 drives,
      1 drives
      1 driver
      1 drawn
      1 drafting
      1 downloading
      1 down,
      1 door's
      1 dongles,
      1 don't
      1 doing,
      1 doing
      1 doi:10.1145/581271.581274.
      1 doi:10.1109/MAHC.2015.27.
      1 doi:10.1109/LICS.2003.1210044.
      1 doi:10.1109/JIOT.2015.2460333.
      1 doi:10.1109/ICALT.2014.70.
      1 doi:10.1016/S1353-4858(15)30080-5.
      1 documents
      1 documented
      1 document
      1 ditch.[37][38]
      1 ditch".
      1 distinct
      1 disruptions
      1 disruption
      1 disrupting
      1 disrupted,[20]
      1 disks,
      1 disguised
      1 discussion
      1 discusses
      1 discovery,
      1 discovering
      1 discovered.
      1 disclosures[edit]
      1 disclosure
      1 disclose
      1 disciplined
      1 disc
      1 disaster.
      1 disadvantages,
      1 disabling
      1 directs
      1 directors.
      1 director
      1 difficult.
      1 difficult,
      1 did
      1 dial-up
      1 devoted
      1 devices[edit]
      1 devices.[77][78]
      1 devices.
      1 devices,[174]
      1 device,
      1 device's
      1 deviating
      1 developed.
      1 developed
      1 determined.
      1 determination
      1 deter,
      1 detected.
      1 detected
      1 details[edit]
      1 destruction
      1 destroyed,
      1 destroyed
      1 destroy
      1 despite
      1 designers.
      1 designers
      1 design[edit]
      1 design.
      1 deserve
      1 descriptions.[184]
      1 descriptions
      1 describe
      1 deputy
      1 depth,
      1 deposit
      1 dependable
      1 depend
      1 departments.
      1 departments
      1 denies
      1 denial
      1 den
      1 demonstrated,
      1 demonstrated
      1 demanded'".
      1 demanded
      1 demand
      1 delivered
      1 deliver
      1 deliberate,
      1 definition,
      1 definition".
      1 define
      1 defense@iu.edu
      1 defense
      1 defend
      1 defence
      1 deemed
      1 decisions.
      1 decision
      1 debit
      1 dealt
      1 de
      1 day,
      1 dates
      1 dated
      1 date
      1 database.
      1 data[54]
      1 data;
      1 data/logs
      1 data/infrastructure
      1 data".
      1 dangers
      1 dangerous
      1 damages
      1 cycle
      1 cyberwarfare".
      1 cyberwarfare
      1 cyberterrorism.
      1 cyberspace.[142][143]
      1 cyberspace.
      1 cybersecurity.[186][187]
      1 cybersecurity.
      1 cybersecurity".
      1 cybernetics
      1 cybercrime.
      1 cybercrime
      1 cyberattacks.[156]
      1 cyberattacks
      1 cyber/information
      1 cyber-terrorism,
      1 cyber-crime.[154]
      1 cyber-based
      1 cyber-attacks,
      1 cyber-attacks
      1 cyber-attack:
      1 customer.[11]
      1 cultural,
      1 culprit".
      1 csa.gov.sg.
      1 cryptosystem
      1 cryptography
      1 cryptanalytic
      1 cruise
      1 criminals.
      1 crimes,
      1 crimes",[165]
      1 credentials".
      1 creation,
      1 creation
      1 crash
      1 crackers.
      1 cracker
      1 covering
      1 covered
      1 country
      1 countries,
      1 countries
      1 countermeasuresSecurity
      1 countermeasures)
      1 countermeasure
      1 counter-attacks,
      1 count
      1 council".
      1 costs
      1 corrective
      1 corporations[edit]
      1 corporations,
      1 coordination
      1 coordinated
      1 cooperates
      1 convince
      1 conversation,
      1 controls,
      1 controllers
      1 controller
      1 control.
      1 control,
      1 contributions
      1 contractual
      1 contractors,
      1 contractor,
      1 contractor
      1 contract
      1 contained.
      1 consumption,
      1 consulting
      1 construct
      1 constraints.
      1 constantly
      1 consistency
      1 consideration
      1 consequences.
      1 consequences
      1 consecutive
      1 conscious,
      1 connectivity
      1 connections,
      1 connection
      1 connecting
      1 connected,
      1 conjunction
      1 confused
      1 conflict
      1 confine
      1 configured)
      1 configured
      1 configuration.
      1 configuration,
      1 confidentiality,
      1 confidentiality
      1 conference
      1 conclude
      1 concierge
      1 conceptual
      1 computers-on-a-chip.
      1 computers"
      1 computerized.
      1 computer.[103]
      1 computer-based
      1 compromised.
      1 compromised,
      1 comprises
      1 compressed
      1 components,
      1 complicated
      1 compliance
      1 complexity
      1 complexities
      1 complex
      1 completely
      1 complete
      1 complaints
      1 competent
      1 compasses,
      1 companies.[16]
      1 compact
      1 community.
      1 communications)
      1 communicationComputer
      1 communicating
      1 communicate
      1 common.
      1 committed
      1 commitment
      1 commercial
      1 commands
      1 comes
      1 combination
      1 collected,
      1 collaboratively
      1 collaborate
      1 cohesion
      1 coding[edit]
      1 codes
      1 code?".
      1 code,
      1 coastal
      1 coalition
      1 co-ordination
      1 cloud
      1 closures,
      1 closing
      1 closed
      1 cloning.
      1 clients'
      1 client
      1 clicks
      1 clever
      1 classic
      1 clarified
      1 claiming
      1 civilian
      1 citizens,
      1 circumvent
      1 circumstances,
      1 chief
      1 checkout
      1 check.[130]
      1 check,
      1 charge
      1 channeled
      1 change
      1 chances
      1 challenged;
      1 chain
      1 certified
      1 certification
      1 certificates
      1 centrifuges[117]
      1 centrifuges)
      1 centres.[123]
      1 center",
      1 center
      1 cellular
      1 cellphones
      1 cellphone,
      1 cause,
      1 catch
      1 case,
      1 case)
      1 cars:
      1 cars,
      1 cars'
      1 carries
      1 carried
      1 carjacked
      1 carefully
      1 careful
      1 career
      1 care,
      1 care
      1 cards,[125]
      1 cards,
      1 car,
      1 car".
      1 capture
      1 capable
      1 capability-based
      1 capabilities,[101]
      1 cannot.
      1 cancelled
      1 cameras,
      1 cable
      1 bypassing
      1 by-passed
      1 by,
      1 buttons
      1 businesses
      1 business
      1 burglars
      1 bulletins
      1 bullet
      1 built.
      1 built-in
      1 buildings.[108]
      1 buildings
      1 bugs
      1 bug
      1 budgetary
      1 bruce@security.edu
      1 brokerage
      1 broke
      1 brings
      1 bring
      1 breaking
      1 break.
      1 break
      1 breaches,
      1 breaches)
      1 breached
      1 breach.[26]
      1 breach.
      1 breach).[80]
      1 branch
      1 brakes,
      1 brakes
      1 boxes,
      1 boxes
      1 botnet,
      1 botnet
      1 bored?
      1 boots
      1 booting
      1 booted
      1 bootable
      1 boost
      1 book
      1 bombs.
      1 board
      1 bluetooth
      1 blocking.
      1 blocked
      1 blamed
      1 black
      1 biz".
      1 birth,
      1 billions
      1 billing
      1 big
      1 belt
      1 below:
      1 below
      1 believing
      1 believes
      1 beginning
      1 begin
      1 begets
      1 becoming
      1 becomes
      1 basic
      1 base
      1 bars.[citation
      1 banking
      1 backtracing
      1 backing
      1 background
      1 back:
      1 back
      1 aware
      1 availability,
      1 autonomous
      1 automotive
      1 automobiles
      1 automation
      1 automatically
      1 authorization,
      1 authorization
      1 authorities,
      1 authentication".
      1 authenticating
      1 authenticate
      1 auditors
      1 attribution
      1 attributes:
      1 attributes
      1 attributable
      1 attractive
      1 attention
      1 attained
      1 attacks,[64][65][66][67]
      1 attacks).
      1 attacks".
      1 attacker.[35]
      1 attacker.
      1 attacker's
      1 attacked.[18]
      1 attack:
      1 attack",
      1 attack"
      1 assurance
      1 association
      1 assisted
      1 assets".[88]
      1 assessment,
      1 assessed
      1 aspects.
      1 artifacts
      1 articles:
      1 article)
      1 around
      1 arms
      1 argued
      1 arguably)
      1 are:[85]
      1 are.
      1 architecture[edit]
      1 architecture.
      1 architect
      1 apps
      1 approximately
      1 appropriate
      1 approaches
      1 applying
      1 apply.
      1 apply
      1 applied
      1 application.
      1 appliances
      1 appended
      1 appears
      1 apparent
      1 apparel
      1 anyone
      1 anti-lock
      1 another,
      1 anonymous
      1 anonymising
      1 anni@gmail.com
      1 anitvirus@malware.org
      1 anecdotal."[79]
      1 ancient
      1 analyzing
      1 analyzes
      1 amplification
      1 amongst
      1 amateurs",
      1 amateurs
      1 altruistic
      1 alternative
      1 alternately
      1 alteration
      1 alter
      1 also[edit]
      1 alongside
      1 allows
      1 allowing
      1 allowed
      1 allow
      1 alleged
      1 algorithm,
      1 airports
      1 airplanes,
      1 aircraft.[22]
      1 aircraft,
      1 aircraft
      1 airbags
      1 air"
      1 aim
      1 aide
      1 aid
      1 agencies.
      1 agencies
      1 after,
      1 affair".
      1 adversaries."[170]
      1 advance.
      1 administrators
      1 administrator)
      1 administers
      1 addresses
      1 additional
      1 addition
      1 adding
      1 add-on.
      1 acts
      1 actor
      1 activity,
      1 activity
      1 activities.
      1 activists[45][46][47][48]
      1 activists
      1 activated
      1 action,
      1 acting
      1 act
      1 acquire
      1 acknowledged
      1 accusations.[159]
      1 accurate
      1 accuracy
      1 accreditation
      1 accounting
      1 accountability
      1 accountLog
      1 accidental,
      1 accidental
      1 accessing
      1 accessible.
      1 accessibility
      1 access.[104]
      1 access.
      1 access)
      1 accept
      1 accelerometers
      1 abuse,
      1 absolutely
      1 absence
      1 ability
      1 a0:b3:ff:ff:ff:7e
      1 [the]
      1 [hide]
      1 [had]
      1 [file:///C:/Users/Robert/Downloads/Federal_Automated_Vehicles_Policy.pdf
      1 [Black
      1 [3]
      1 [31][32]
      1 [2]
      1 [1].
      1 [...]
      1 Zittrain,
      1 Ziff
      1 Zetter
      1 Zerksis
      1 Zengerle,
      1 Zellan,
      1 Yung
      1 Yet
      1 Yahoo
      1 XP
      1 Wu,
      1 Wright-Patterson
      1 Worm
      1 Workers".
      1 Workers
      1 Woodie,
      1 Woche.
      1 Within
      1 Wirtschafts
      1 Wireless
      1 Willis
      1 Williams.
      1 Willemssen,
      1 Will
      1 Wikipedia®
      1 WikipediaDisclaimersContact
      1 WikipediaDevelopersCookie
      1 Wikipedia,
      1 Wikidata
      1 Wikibooks
      1 Wifi,
      1 Wi-Fi,
      1 Wi-Fi".
      1 Wi-Fi
      1 Where
      1 When
      1 Week.
      1 Webel,
      1 Webcasts".
      1 Web
      1 Wayback
      1 Watch
      1 Washington
      1 Was
      1 Ware
      1 War".
      1 War"
      1 Walter,
      1 Waksman,
      1 WIRED.
      1 W.;
      1 W.
      1 W-2
      1 Vox.
      1 Visier
      1 Viruses
      1 Virtual
      1 Vijay
      1 Verton,
      1 Vermesan;
      1 Verified
      1 Verification
      1 Verge.
      1 Vehicles
      1 Van
      1 VITA
      1 VICTIMIZED
      1 V
      1 User
      1 Used
      1 Urbas,
      1 Upload
      1 Unknown
      1 Unit
      1 Union.
      1 Union
      1 Unfriendly
      1 Umrigar,
      1 USCYBERCOM,
      1 US:
      1 US/Allied
      1 US-CERT:
      1 US-CERT,
      1 US-CERT
      1 US,
      1 UNIX-based
      1 Türkçe
      1 Typical
      1 Two
      1 Twin
      1 Tucker
      1 Trust
      1 Trojans
      1 Transitions
      1 Transactions
      1 Tracking
      1 Total
      1 Tom
      1 Today,
      1 Timothy
      1 Times_Asia.
      1 Times
      1 Time
      1 Throne
      1 Three
      1 Threats
      1 Threat".
      1 Thought".
      1 Thorsten
      1 Thomas;
      1 Things.
      1 Things"
      1 Thieves
      1 Thermostat
      1 Theft
      1 TheWindowsClub.com.
      1 That
      1 Than
      1 Text
      1 Tests
      1 Testing.
      1 Tested")
      1 Tested
      1 Tesla
      1 Terrorism
      1 Terms
      1 Terminology[edit]
      1 Terminology
      1 Terabytes
      1 Telecom,
      1 Techopedia.
      1 Techopedia".
      1 Techopedia
      1 Technology:
      1 Technologies.
      1 TechTarget.
      1 Teams
      1 Team,
      1 Team"
      1 Team
      1 Teach
      1 Taylor
      1 Tapped
      1 Tappan
      1 Tampering[edit]
      1 Takanen
      1 Tadayoshi
      1 TPMs
      1 TO
      1 TF-CSIRT.
      1 TERENA's
      1 TERENA
      1 TEMPEST
      1 TED.
      1 System.[178]
      1 System.[177]
      1 System.[163]
      1 Symposium
      1 Symmetric-key
      1 Swears:
      1 Svenska
      1 Suspects
      1 Suspected
      1 Susan
      1 Surfaces
      1 Supporting
      1 Supply,"
      1 Suomi
      1 Suggested
      1 Stuxnet.
      1 Studies).
      1 Students".
      1 Student
      1 Stripes.
      1 Strategy,
      1 Storing
      1 Stoll,
      1 Stolfo
      1 Steve;
      1 Sternstein
      1 Stephen
      1 Steinberg
      1 States[edit]
      1 States[118][119][120][121]
      1 States.[128]
      1 State-sponsored
      1 Stars
      1 Stark,
      1 Staples,[28]
      1 Standards
      1 Standard
      1 Staff,
      1 Srpskohrvatski
      1 Spy?
      1 Sprint
      1 Springer.
      1 Spoofing[edit]
      1 Spoofing?
      1 Spoofing,
      1 Speech
      1 Spectrum.
      1 Specification
      1 Special
      1 Spafford
      1 Song
      1 Society.
      1 So-called
      1 Snowden.[124]
      1 Snowden".
      1 Snowden
      1 Slovenšcina
      1 Slovencina
      1 Skills
      1 Skies
      1 Site)
      1 Site".
      1 Singh,
      1 Singer,
      1 Simple
      1 Simha
      1 Silva,
      1 Sicherheit
      1 Shortage
      1 Sheet".
      1 Sharing
      1 Shafi
      1 Shachtman,
      1 Shacham;
      1 Sethumadhavan,
      1 Services:
      1 Service,
      1 Service)[23]
      1 Service
      1 Serious
      1 Sergio.
      1 Separation
      1 Sentinel.
      1 Senator
      1 Self
      1 Seipel,
      1 SecurityWeek.Com".
      1 SecurityArchitecture.org,
      1 Security.[179]
      1 Security-evaluated
      1 Security)
      1 SecureState.
      1 Secunia
      1 Section.
      1 Seattle:
      1 Search
      1 Scientific
      1 Science".
      1 Scholars[edit]
      1 Scholars
      1 Schneier
      1 Schell
      1 Scannell,
      1 Says
      1 Say".
      1 Savage;
      1 Sanghavi,
      1 Sanger,
      1 Sanders,
      1 Sandbox
      1 Sam
      1 Salvatore
      1 SafeNet.com.
      1 Safe.
      1 SYSTEMS
      1 SYSGO's
      1 STOP.THINK.CONNECT,
      1 SSRN
      1 SEC'11
      1 SCMagazine.com.
      1 S.3480"[161]
      1 S&T
      1 Russian/Ukrainian
      1 Royal
      1 Rouse,
      1 Ross
      1 Rosenbach
      1 Rootkits
      1 Room".
      1 Româna
      1 Rome's
      1 Role"
      1 Roger
      1 Roesner;
      1 River
      1 Risks
      1 Risk".
      1 Risen,
      1 Riley;
      1 Right"
      1 Richard
      1 Reviewed",
      1 Review
      1 Reuters
      1 Responding
      1 Researchers
      1 Representatives,
      1 Report.
      1 Remotely
      1 Released
      1 Reinhold.
      1 Regulate
      1 References[edit]
      1 References
      1 Recovering
      1 Records,
      1 Records".
      1 Records
      1 Reconstruction
      1 Recent
      1 Reals,
      1 Readiness
      1 Raton:
      1 Rating,
      1 Random
      1 Rachel
      1 Race":
      1 RT.
      1 RT
      1 RSA
      1 RFID
      1 RFC
      1 R&D
      1 Quantified
      1 QR
      1 Pyongyang
      1 Put
      1 Publishing
      1 Publishers.
      1 Publicly
      1 Publications.parliament.uk.
      1 Psychiatric
      1 Protocol".
      1 Protecting
      1 ProtectDrive
      1 Property
      1 Projects
      1 Program.[151]
      1 Program
      1 Proceeding
      1 Proactive
      1 Private
      1 Privacy,
      1 Priorities".
      1 Printable
      1 Print/export
      1 Price
      1 Preying
      1 Previously
      1 Presumed
      1 Press
      1 President's
      1 Presented
      1 Practical
      1 Powerful
      1 Powered
      1 Potential
      1 Português
      1 Polski
      1 Policy.
      1 Policy"]
      1 Policy
      1 Police
      1 Poitras,
      1 Pocket
      1 Playbook:
      1 Platform.
      1 Platform
      1 Plant
      1 Planes".
      1 Pitchumani,
      1 Pinging
      1 PikeOS[95][96]
      1 PikeOS
      1 Pictures
      1 Physical
      1 Phishing[edit]
      1 Personally
      1 Permanent
      1 Perimeter
      1 Performs
      1 People's
      1 Penguin
      1 Payloads
      1 Paul
      1 Patricia
      1 Patient
      1 Passports
      1 Pasquier,
      1 Partnership".
      1 Parish,
      1 Paper"
      1 Palilery,
      1 Pakistan[edit]
      1 Pakistan-report
      1 Pagliery,
      1 Page
      1 Pacific.
      1 Pacemaker
      1 PROVIDES
      1 PROTECT
      1 PINs.
      1 PIN,
      1 PDF
      1 PCMag.com.
      1 PCMag.
      1 PCI
      1 PC".
      1 P:
      1 Oxford
      1 Ovidiu
      1 Over
      1 Outstripping
      1 Outline
      1 Our
      1 Orleans
      1 Organisation)
      1 Orange
      1 Or
      1 Opportunities
      1 Operation
      1 OpenCongress.
      1 One)".
      1 One
      1 Oltsik,
      1 Officials
      1 Official
      1 Office.
      1 Office,[176]
      1 October.[153]
      1 October".
      1 Oakland,
      1 OWASP
      1 OSs
      1 OPM,
      1 ONI
      1 Nycum
      1 Numbers,[129]
      1 Nukes?".
      1 Nuclear
      1 Now".
      1 Nova
      1 Note
      1 Nostrand
      1 Noel
      1 Noah.
      1 No.
      1 Nextgov.
      1 NextGen".
      1 NextGen
      1 Newton
      1 Newman,
      1 NewPENS,[24]
      1 NewPENS
      1 Neumann,
      1 Neumann
      1 Networks:
      1 Networks",
      1 Net
      1 Nest
      1 Nederlands
      1 Near
      1 Navigation
      1 Natural
      1 Nationales
      1 Nate
      1 NarusInsight
      1 Nalin;
      1 Nalin
      1 NY:
      1 NPR.
      1 NIST?".
      1 NIST
      1 NICCS
      1 NH
      1 NBC
      1 NBA
      1 MySecureCyberspace
      1 MyFox
      1 Multi-factor
      1 Mueller,
      1 Moti
      1 Most
      1 Morris,
      1 Morrie
      1 Monitoring
      1 Monitor.
      1 Monica
      1 Module
      1 Model
      1 Mobile-enabled
      1 Mitnick
      1 Missed
      1 Minnesota
      1 Ministry
      1 Millions
      1 Militärischen
      1 Microsoft
      1 Microprocessors"
      1 Michael;
      1 Mexican
      1 Meters
      1 Messaging
      1 Men
      1 Melvin
      1 Melbourne
      1 Megaupload
      1 MediaWiki
      1 Media,
      1 Meanwhile,
      1 Me
      1 Mckinnon
      1 McCoy;
      1 McAfee,
      1 McAfee
      1 Matt
      1 Matlack.
      1 Marshall
      1 Markus
      1 Markey
      1 Mark.
      1 Mark
      1 Margaret.
      1 Marcel
      1 Mansfield-Devine,
      1 Malware
      1 Make
      1 Maid"
      1 Magazine.
      1 Madison.
      1 Machine.
      1 MS-ISAC
      1 MAD
      1 MAAWG.[141]
      1 M.,
      1 Love,
      1 Lorrie
      1 Lorenzo
      1 London.
      1 Loeb,
      1 Lockheed
      1 Lock
      1 Local
      1 Liptak,
      1 Lipner,
      1 Linux,
      1 Linked
      1 Lines".
      1 Lincolnshire
      1 Lily
      1 Likely
      1 License;
      1 Library
      1 Levels.
      1 Legislation[edit]
      1 Legislation
      1 Leetaru,
      1 Lee,
      1 Lee
      1 Learning
      1 Learned
      1 LearnQuest.
      1 Learn
      1 Leak:
      1 Lawrence
      1 Laura
      1 Latviešu
      1 Largest
      1 Languages
      1 Landwehr
      1 Lance
      1 Lampson
      1 Lam
      1 Laboratory[edit]
      1 Laboratory,
      1 Laboratory
      1 LaMacchia
      1 La
      1 L.
      1 Kwanwoo
      1 Krankenhäuser
      1 Koscher;
      1 Korean
      1 Korea[edit]
      1 Kohno
      1 Kocher
      1 Ko,
      1 Know.
      1 Kirk
      1 Kirby,
      1 Kim,
      1 Kim
      1 Keyloggers
      1 Kelly
      1 Katrina
      1 Karl
      1 Kara
      1 Kantor;
      1 Kang,
      1 Kalev.
      1 KGB,
      1 Juuso
      1 Jun
      1 Jr.
      1 Journal:
      1 Joseph
      1 Jose.
      1 Jose
      1 Jones
      1 Jonathan
      1 Jon.
      1 John
      1 Jobs,
      1 Joan
      1 Jickling,
      1 Jeremy
      1 Jens
      1 Jefferson
      1 Jean;
      1 Jean
      1 Jay
      1 Jatinder;
      1 Jannsen,
      1 Janalta
      1 Jan,
      1 Jackson,
      1 Jackson
      1 Jack
      1 Italiano
      1 Issues
      1 Israel
      1 Irwin,
      1 Iran
      1 IoT-enabled
      1 IoT
      1 Investment".
      1 Investigation.
      1 Investigates
      1 Intrusion-detection
      1 Introduction
      1 Introduced
      1 Into
      1 Interview
      1 Internet.
      1 Internet-connected
      1 Internet'.[113]
      1 Internet',
      1 International.
      1 Interface
      1 Interactive.
      1 Interactive
      1 Interaction
      1 Intellectual
      1 Intel":
      1 Intel
      1 Integrity-178B,
      1 Integrity".
      1 Integration
      1 Integrated
      1 Insurance
      1 Instruction
      1 Institution,
      1 Institute
      1 Installs
      1 Initiative:
      1 Initiative".
      1 Initiative
      1 Ingredients
      1 Infrastructure.[144]
      1 Infragard.
      1 Infragard
      1 InfraGard.[167][168]
      1 InfosecToday
      1 Informationstechnik,
      1 Information".
      1 Infonomics
      1 Info
      1 Infected
      1 Industry
      1 Indonesia
      1 India[edit]
      1 India
      1 Independent.
      1 Independent
      1 Indeed,
      1 Incident".
      1 Inception
      1 Inc.,
      1 In-store
      1 In-Flight
      1 Improving
      1 Identity-based
      1 Identifying
      1 Identifiable
      1 Ideally,
      1 Ian
      1 ITU.
      1 ISO/IEC
      1 IQ.
      1 IO
      1 INTRUSION;
      1 INFORMATION
      1 INC.
      1 III
      1 IEEE.
      1 IDs,
      1 IDG.
      1 ID
      1 ICT
      1 IC3.[166]
      1 I
      1 Hypponen:
      1 Hypponen
      1 Hurricane
      1 Human–computer
      1 Hubert.
      1 Hrvatski
      1 Hovav
      1 House:
      1 Hostages:
      1 Hope
      1 Honey
      1 Home".
      1 Holding
      1 History
      1 Highway—With
      1 Highest
      1 Higgins
      1 Hi-Tech
      1 Hess
      1 Here's
      1 Help
      1 Heilman
      1 Healthcare
      1 He
      1 Hay
      1 Have
      1 Hauppauge,
      1 Hat]
      1 Harrison,
      1 Hardware:
      1 Hard
      1 Hampshire
      1 Hajoon;
      1 Hadoop,
      1 Hacking:
      1 Hacker".
      1 Hacked".
      1 Hack-Proof
      1 Hack".
      1 HL".
      1 HELP
      1 HASP
      1 H.R.4962"[160]
      1 H.R.4962
      1 Gutmann
      1 Guidelines
      1 Guide,
      1 Guide
      1 Guardian.
      1 Grows.
      1 Grimsby
      1 Greene
      1 Greenberg,
      1 Grabosky
      1 Government[edit]
      1 Government".
      1 Gordon-Loeb
      1 Gordon,
      1 Gordon
      1 Google,
      1 Google's
      1 Goldwasser
      1 Goldberg
      1 Goes
      1 Goddard
      1 Go
      1 Glüsing,
      1 Gigabytes
      1 Ghinea,
      1 Gheorghita;
      1 Gets
      1 GetCyberSafe
      1 Germany[edit]
      1 Geraint
      1 Generation
      1 Gene
      1 Gasser,
      1 Gaps
      1 Ganssle
      1 Gallagher.
      1 Gallagher,
      1 Gain
      1 GPS
      1 GEMSOS
      1 GAO/T-AIMD-00-330.
      1 GAO
      1 Future
      1 Further,
      1 Full
      1 Friess.
      1 Friedman,
      1 Free
      1 Fraud
      1 Français
      1 Franziska
      1 Francisco,
      1 Francisco
      1 Francis
      1 Franceschi-Bicchierai,
      1 France
      1 Fox
      1 Foundation,
      1 Forum
      1 Fortune.com.
      1 Foreman,
      1 Force's
      1 Force
      1 Following
      1 Flight
      1 Firms
      1 Firewall
      1 Finance
      1 Fighting
      1 Fiction
      1 Feigin,
      1 Feigenbaum
      1 Featured
      1 Fault
      1 Far".
      1 Fact?"
      1 Fact
      1 Facebook,
      1 FTP
      1 FTC
      1 FIA
      1 FDA
      1 FCC.
      1 FAA.gov".
      1 FAA
      1 Eyers,
      1 Express.
      1 Exposures
      1 Exposes
      1 Exploits
      1 Exploit
      1 Experimental
      1 Exercises".
      1 Executive
      1 Execution
      1 Examples
      1 Evident
      1 Everyone
      1 Evaluation
      1 Euskara
      1 Europe[edit]
      1 Europe.
      1 Europe,
      1 Estrin
      1 Established
      1 Esperanto
      1 Español
      1 Epic
      1 Environments
      1 Enterprise
      1 English
      1 Engineering"
      1 Engineering
      1 Enemy
      1 Endpoint
      1 Encyclopedia.
      1 Employees'
      1 Employee
      1 Emergency
      1 Email",
      1 Elias
      1 Elgin;
      1 Electronics
      1 Either
      1 Egg.
      1 Educational
      1 Education
      1 Edition.
      1 Edit
      1 Ecosystems"
      1 Economics
      1 Economic,
      1 Economic
      1 Eavesdropping[edit]
      1 Each
      1 ENISA
      1 EE
      1 EAL6
      1 EAL4
      1 E.
      1 E-Spin.
      1 E
      1 Dwork
      1 Dune
      1 Drives:
      1 Drivers
      1 Drive
      1 Download
      1 Down
      1 Dow
      1 Dorothy
      1 Donate
      1 Documents.
      1 Division.[162][163]
      1 Division.
      1 Division".
      1 Division
      1 Distributed
      1 Disarm
      1 Disabling
      1 Directorate.
      1 Differentiated
      1 Devlin.
      1 Devices"
      1 Detection
      1 Desktop
      1 Designs
      1 Designed,
      1 Depot:
      1 Depot,[27]
      1 Definitions:
      1 Definition
      1 Defined
      1 Defenses
      1 Defense.gov.
      1 Defense)
      1 Defence
      1 Default
      1 Deborah
      1 Death
      1 Dawn
      1 Davis,
      1 Data-centric
      1 Data".
      1 Dansk
      1 Danny
      1 Daniel
      1 Dangerous'
      1 Dancing
      1 Dan
      1 Damon
      1 DSS:
      1 DNS,
      1 DNA
      1 DMOZ
      1 DHS".
      1 DHS
      1 DC:
      1 DAC
      1 D.;
      1 D.,
      1 Czeskis;
      1 Cynthia
      1 Cyberwar:
      1 Cyberspace
      1 Cybersecurity:
      1 Cybersecurity.
      1 Cybersecurity".
      1 Cyberdefense".
      1 Cybercrime.[139]
      1 Cybercareers
      1 Cyberattacks".
      1 Cyberattacks"
      1 Cyber-crime
      1 Cyber-Attacks.
      1 Cyber-Attack
      1 Cyber-Abwehrzentrum
      1 Customer
      1 Currently,
      1 Current
      1 Cuckoo's
      1 Cryptography
      1 Cryptographically
      1 Crypto
      1 Cross,
      1 Criteria"
      1 Criteria
      1 Crime".
      1 Credit
      1 Creative
      1 CreateSpace
      1 Create
      1 Cranor
      1 Courses".
      1 Courage.
      1 Counterterrorism
      1 Countermeasure
      1 Counter
      1 Council
      1 Could
      1 Cottrell
      1 Cory.
      1 Correctness?
      1 Corporation.[29]
      1 Corporation.
      1 Corporation
      1 Cornell
      1 Cook
      1 Converging
      1 Convention
      1 Control:
      1 Control
      1 Contact
      1 Consultant/Specialist/Intelligence
      1 Considerations
      1 Connected
      1 Congressional
      1 Congress.
      1 Congress".
      1 Conflict
      1 Confidentiality
      1 Conference".
      1 Concerns
      1 Computing.
      1 Computing".
      1 Computers),
      1 Computers
      1 Computerized
      1 Comparison
      1 Company,
      1 Companies,
      1 Companies
      1 Community
      1 Communication".
      1 Committee
      1 Commission's
      1 Commission
      1 Commercial,
      1 Commercial".
      1 Commerce:
      1 Commander
      1 Command,
      1 Command
      1 Comm
      1 Collar
      1 Codenomicon
      1 Code
      1 Clifford
      1 Clickjacking[edit]
      1 Clickjacking,
      1 Clickjacking
      1 Clearfield.
      1 Clearfield
      1 Clayton,
      1 Clayton
      1 Civilian
      1 Civil
      1 Cities,
      1 Cite
      1 Cisco
      1 Chwan-Hwa
      1 Chronicle.
      1 Christopher
      1 Christoph
      1 China[edit]
      1 China's
      1 Checkoway;
      1 Check
      1 Challenges"
      1 Chain
      1 Ceština
      1 Certifications
      1 CertiVox
      1 Century,
      1 Centre".
      1 Centers",
      1 Center).
      1 Center".
      1 Cecilia
      1 Category:Cryptographic
      1 Categories:
      1 Catastrophe".
      1 Català
      1 Cashell,
      1 Case.
      1 Cars
      1 Carroll
      1 Carrie
      1 Carol
      1 Carnivore
      1 Carl
      1 Carefully
      1 Card
      1 Canada[edit]
      1 Canada.[144]
      1 Canada".
      1 Can't
      1 Can
      1 Campaign.[157]
      1 Camp
      1 California
      1 Calder
      1 Cable
      1 CUSTOMERS"
      1 CSIRTs.[137]
      1 CRC
      1 COTS
      1 COMPUTER
      1 COMPANIES,
      1 CODEPAK.
      1 CNSS
      1 CNNMoney.
      1 CNN.
      1 CNET.
      1 CERT/CC:
      1 CEO,
      1 CD-Rs,
      1 CD-RWs,
      1 CD-ROM
      1 CCIPS
      1 CAPTCHA
      1 CA,
      1 C12.12
      1 C.
      1 Butler
      1 Businessweek.com.
      1 Businessweek".
      1 Burning
      1 Bundesnachrichtendienst,
      1 Bundeskriminalamt
      1 Bundesamt
      1 Bumgarner
      1 Bulletins".
      1 Built-in
      1 Building
      1 Bucks
      1 Bruce
      1 Brookings
      1 Broad
      1 Bright,
      1 Breaking
      1 Break
      1 Breaches".
      1 Breached
      1 Breach".
      1 Brands
      1 Box
      1 Both
      1 Boston.
      1 Bosanski
      1 Bormer
      1 Books,
      1 Book"[109]
      1 Book".
      1 Bonn.
      1 Boca
      1 Blog,
      1 Blaze
      1 Blasum,
      1 Birth
      1 Bill
      1 Biderman
      1 Best
      1 Bernstein
      1 Bernhard
      1 Berlin
      1 Berkeley,
      1 Ben
      1 Behind
      1 Beckert,
      1 Becker,
      1 Beast.
      1 Baumann,
      1 Base,
      1 Bart
      1 Barrett,
      1 Bahasa
      1 Bacon,
      1 Backman
      1 Backdoors[edit]
      1 Backdoors
      1 Back
      1 BY
      1 BSI
      1 BND
      1 BKA
      1 BIOS
      1 B.,
      1 Az?rbaycanca
      1 Avoiding
      1 Aviation[edit]
      1 Aviation,"
      1 Autonomous
      1 Automotive
      1 Automobiles[edit]
      1 Automobiles
      1 Automation
      1 Autistic
      1 Authorship
      1 Authorization
      1 Authority
      1 Australian
      1 Audit
      1 Attribution-ShareAlike
      1 Attempts".
      1 Attacks'".
      1 Attackers
      1 Attack".
      1 At
      1 Assurance
      1 Association.
      1 Assistance
      1 Asset
      1 Assessing
      1 Asia
      1 Arms
      1 Ari
      1 Are
      1 Arcos
      1 Architecture.
      1 Architecture".
      1 Architecture
      1 Apr
      1 Approach
      1 Applications
      1 Application
      1 Apache
      1 Anton
      1 Antivirus
      1 Anti-virus
      1 Anti-Phishing
      1 Anti-Abuse
      1 Another".
      1 Anonymous—and
      1 Anonymous'
      1 Anonymous
      1 Annie
      1 Annals
      1 Anna-Maija
      1 Andy.
      1 Anderson;
      1 Anderson,
      1 Anderson
      1 And
      1 Analysis
      1 Analyses
      1 Amt
      1 American.
      1 America
      1 Although
      1 Alok
      1 Ally:
      1 Allan
      1 Aliya
      1 Alexei
      1 Alex
      1 Alert
      1 Alan
      1 Airplane
      1 Aircraft
      1 Airbus
      1 Agency,
      1 Agencies[edit]
      1 Agencies
      1 Affairs,
      1 Aeronautics
      1 Administration[175]
      1 Administration's
      1 Addressing
      1 Addressed
      1 Address
      1 Adam;
      1 Adam
      1 Accused
      1 Accessed
      1 Abuse
      1 Abschirmdienst
      1 ATMs
      1 ARD
      1 API"
      1 AOL.com.
      1 AOL.
      1 AFP-JiJi,
      1 ACM
      1 ACLs.
      1 ACL-based
      1 A380[110]
      1 A.
      1 ??????????????
      1 ??????????
      1 ?????????
      1 ??
      1 :
      1 978-3-319-17243-9.
      1 978-1494932633.
      1 978-1466572133.
      1 978-1-84928-554-4.
      1 978-1-4398-0150-5
      1 978-0199918119.
      1 9/11
      1 9.7GB
      1 9.1
      1 9,
      1 8–16.
      1 830-volt
      1 8.4".
      1 8
      1 773"
      1 6–6.
      1 65–70.
      1 62
      1 60:be:ff:ff:ff:e0
      1 60,000
      1 6.8
      1 6.7
      1 6.6
      1 6.5
      1 6.4
      1 6.3
      1 6.2
      1 6.1
      1 6,
      1 5.9
      1 5.8
      1 5.7
      1 5.6
      1 5.5
      1 5.4
      1 5.3
      1 5.2
      1 5.10
      1 5.1
      1 5,000
      1 5,
      1 46%
      1 45–54.
      1 438–457.
      1 40M
      1 4009
      1 40
      1 3rd
      1 37
      1 34
      1 312
      1 301-837-1750
      1 301-837-0450
      1 30,000
      1 3.
      1 287
      1 2828
      1 28,
      1 28%
      1 2765010Freely
      1 27
      1 25,
      1 23-year-old
      1 23,
      1 225
      1 221–7.
      1 21st
      1 218.
      1 21.5
      1 21,
      1 21
      1 20GB.
      1 202-741-6002
      1 202-357-7467
      1 2017-07-09.
      1 2017-02-25.
      1 2017,
      1 2016-08-04.
      1 2016-06-11
      1 2016-03-23.
      1 2016".
      1 2015.[182]
      1 2015.[144]
      1 2015-02-06.
      1 2015"".
      1 2014-12-21.
      1 2014-03-15.
      1 2014
      1 2013/
      1 2013-12-18.
      1 2013-12-01.
      1 2013-11-04.
      1 2013-09-25.
      1 2013-05-05.
      1 2012-02-16.
      1 2012,
      1 2012
      1 2011,[158]
      1 2010-11-08.
      1 2010-07-10.
      1 2009-12-12.
      1 2009-05-11.
      1 2009
      1 2008-10-04.
      1 2008-06-15.
      1 2008,
      1 2008).
      1 2008
      1 2007.
      1 2007-01-17.
      1 2007",
      1 2007
      1 2006
      1 2005).
      1 2005
      1 2004.)
      1 2004).
      1 2003,
      1 2003
      1 2002).
      1 2001:cdba::3257:9652
      1 2001:cdba:0:0:0:0:3257:9652
      1 2001:cdba:0000:0000:0000:0000:3257:9652
      1 2001:0db8:0a0b:12f0:0000:0000:0000:0001
      1 200
      1 20,
      1 2.8.1
      1 2.8
      1 2.7
      1 2.6
      1 2.5
      1 2.4
      1 2.3
      1 2.2
      1 2.1
      1 2,
      1 1–1.
      1 19–31.
      1 1997.
      1 1994,
      1 1980s
      1 18,
      1 175
      1 17
      1 15408,
      1 15.
      1 15,
      1 15
      1 14th
      1 14:18.
      1 14".
      1 14
      1 13636
      1 133.4
      1 127–132.
      1 12,
      1 1030,
      1 1030(e)(2).
      1 10.8.3
      1 10.8.2
      1 10.8.1
      1 10.8
      1 10.7
      1 10.6
      1 10.5
      1 10.4
      1 10.3
      1 10.2
      1 10.1
      1 10,
      1 1.9
      1 1.8
      1 1.7
      1 1.6
      1 1.5
      1 1.4
      1 1.3
      1 1.2
      1 1.16
      1 1.10
      1 1.1
      1 1.
      1 07,
      1 00:04:ff:ff:ff:c9
      1 0-8186-0026-8.
      1 0-442-23022-2.
      1 (worms
      1 (with
      1 (to
      1 (software,
      1 (see
      1 (security
      1 (rather
      1 (physical)
      1 (or,
      1 (or
      1 (of
      1 (many
      1 (malware).
      1 (main
      1 (if
      1 (help)
      1 (hacking)
      1 (e.g.,
      1 (e.g.
      1 (data
      1 (countermeasures)[edit]
      1 (countermeasures)
      1 (computers)
      1 (computer)
      1 (at
      1 (as
      1 (an
      1 (a
      1 (VPNs).[102]
      1 (US
      1 (TPMs)
      1 (Smith,
      1 (SEI).
      1 (Report).
      1 (Press
      1 (Part
      1 (Pan-European
      1 (PLCs)
      1 (PENS)
      1 (PDF),
      1 (PDF)
      1 (Official
      1 (November
      1 (National
      1 (NW3C),
      1 (NR3C)
      1 (NHTSA)".
      1 (NFC)
      1 (NACTA)
      1 (Multi-State
      1 (Military
      1 (MeitY)
      1 (May
      1 (MAAWG)
      1 (LE),
      1 (John);
      1 (January
      1 (IoT)
      1 (IDS)
      1 (IC3)
      1 (Gemini
      1 (FIRST)
      1 (FBI)
      1 (ENISA)
      1 (DoS)
      1 (DoD)
      1 (Deutschland),
      1 (DDoS)
      1 (DARPA)
      1 (CVE)
      1 (CSO)
      1 (CISO)
      1 (CCU),
      1 (CCIRC)
      1 (BJA)
      1 (AES)
      1 (ACLs)
      1 (9):
      1 (7
      1 (4):
      1 (4)
      1 (30
      1 (2nd
      1 (25
      1 (21
      1 (2015-09-01).
      1 (2015-07-19).
      1 (2013–present)
      1 (2013).
      1 (2012).
      1 (2011).
      1 (2010),
      1 (2008-11-18).
      1 (2004).
      1 (2003).
      1 (2):
      1 (1988).
      1 (1983).
      1 (19
      1 (11
      1 (1):
      1 ("Semiformally
      1 'major
      1 'he
      1 'hacker'
      1 'back
      1 'The
      1 'Ransomware'
      1 'Phishing
      1 'No
      1 'Far
      1 'F'
      1 '90s
      1 '83
      1 $700,000
      1 $2bn".
      1 $2bn
      1 $226
      1 $13
      1 $1.5
      1 "would
      1 "window
      1 "upgrade"
      1 "some
      1 "smart"
      1 "segments."
      1 "segments")
      1 "segment"
      1 "security"
      1 "secure
      1 "protected
      1 "problematic
      1 "preventive"
      1 "physical
      1 "over
      1 "information,
      1 "industry
      1 "hijacking"
      1 "exploit"
      1 "ensure
      1 "detection"
      1 "cybersecurity"
      1 "cyber
      1 "become
      1 "application,"
      1 "a
      1 "[Computer
      1 "Zombie
      1 "Vulnerabilities
      1 "User
      1 "US
      1 "UI
      1 "Twenty
      1 "Transcript:
      1 "Top
      1 "Token-based
      1 "Tier3
      1 "Text
      1 "Texas
      1 "Tesla
      1 "Tamper
      1 "THE
      1 "Surfsafe®
      1 "Stuxnet
      1 "Staples:
      1 "Speech:".
      1 "South
      1 "Sony
      1 "Several
      1 "Seoul
      1 "Sentinel
      1 "Self-Driving
      1 "Schools
      1 "SafeNet
      1 "Robert
      1 "Rethinking
      1 "Response"
      1 "Rescator"
      1 "Report
      1 "Reliance
      1 "Protect
      1 "Postmarket
      1 "Photos
      1 "Pan-European
      1 "Pakistan's
      1 "Pacemaker
      1 "Orange
      1 "No
      1 "NextGen
      1 "NSA
      1 "Millions
      1 "Military's
      1 "Methodically
      1 "Media
      1 "MedStar
      1 "Massive
      1 "Lock
      1 "Lincolnshire
      1 "Legion
      1 "Is
      1 "International
      1 "Intel
      1 "Infragard,
      1 "Identifying
      1 "House
      1 "Hotel
      1 "Hospitals
      1 "Hospital
      1 "Hacked
      1 "Grimsby
      1 "Getting
      1 "GetCyberSafe".
      1 "Forget
      1 "First
      1 "Firms
      1 "Financial
      1 "FIRST
      1 "FCC
      1 "FAQ:
      1 "Exclusive:
      1 "Evil
      1 "European
      1 "Estimate
      1 "Ensuring
      1 "Endpoint
      1 "Encryption
      1 "Distributed
      1 "Designing
      1 "Department
      1 "Demand
      1 "Definition
      1 "Data
      1 "DHS
      1 "Cyberwar
      1 "Cyber-Angriffe:
      1 "Current
      1 "Connectedness
      1 "Confidentiality".
      1 "Cone
      1 "Computers
      1 "Companies
      1 "Common
      1 "China
      1 "Centralised
      1 "Canadian
      1 "Canada's
      1 "Can
      1 "CEO
      1 "CCIPS".
      1 "Burning
      1 "Bucks
      1 "Board
      1 "Avid
      1 "Automotive
      1 "Anonymous
      1 "Air
      1 "Abstract
      1 "15k
      1 "(Information
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# grep 'ing$' random.txt| head -n 2
Eavesdropping
Secure coding
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# awk -v RS=' ' 'split($0, a, /[aeiou]/) > 2' random.txt | wc -l
8316
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# awk -v RS=' ' 'split($0, a, /[aeiou]/) > 3' random.txt | wc -l
5383
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# 
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# ifconfig -a
docker0: flags=4099<UP,BROADCAST,MULTICAST>  mtu 1500
        inet 172.17.0.1  netmask 255.255.0.0  broadcast 172.17.255.255
        ether 02:42:d2:5d:71:14  txqueuelen 0  (Ethernet)
        RX packets 0  bytes 0 (0.0 B)
        RX errors 0  dropped 0  overruns 0  frame 0
        TX packets 0  bytes 0 (0.0 B)
        TX errors 0  dropped 0 overruns 0  carrier 0  collisions 0

ens3: flags=4163<UP,BROADCAST,RUNNING,MULTICAST>  mtu 9000
        inet 172.21.43.5  netmask 255.255.255.0  broadcast 172.21.43.255
        inet6 fe80::f816:3eff:fe13:449f  prefixlen 64  scopeid 0x20<link>
        ether fa:16:3e:13:44:9f  txqueuelen 1000  (Ethernet)
        RX packets 476125  bytes 109674945 (109.6 MB)
        RX errors 0  dropped 0  overruns 0  frame 0
        TX packets 461879  bytes 33022652 (33.0 MB)
        TX errors 0  dropped 0 overruns 0  carrier 0  collisions 0

lo: flags=73<UP,LOOPBACK,RUNNING>  mtu 65536
        inet 127.0.0.1  netmask 255.0.0.0
        inet6 ::1  prefixlen 128  scopeid 0x10<host>
        loop  txqueuelen 1000  (Local Loopback)
        RX packets 5956  bytes 528755 (528.7 KB)
        RX errors 0  dropped 0  overruns 0  frame 0
        TX packets 5956  bytes 528755 (528.7 KB)
        TX errors 0  dropped 0 overruns 0  carrier 0  collisions 0

root@js-17-195:~/lab8# grep -o [A-Za-z0-9]*\@[A-Za-z0-9]*\.[A-Za-z0-9]* random.txt
anni@gmail.com
bruce@security.edu
anitvirus@malware.org
defense@iu.edu
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# grep -o '\(([0-9]\{3\})\|[0-9]\{3\}\)[ -]\?[0-9]\{3\}[ -]\?[0-9]\{4\}' random.txt
301-837-1750
202-357-7467
301-837-0450
202-741-6002
978-1466572
978-0199918
978-1494932
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# grep -o '/^(?>(?>([a-f0-9]{1,4})(?>:(?1)){7}|(?!(?:.*[a-f0-9](?>:|$)){8,})((?1)(?>:(?1)){0,6})?::(?2)?)|(?>(?>(?11)(?>:(?1)){5}:|(?!(?:.*[a-f0-9]:){6,})(?3)?::(?>((?1)(?>:(?1)){0,4}):)?)?(25[0-5]|2[0-4][0-9]|1[0-9]{2}|[1-9]?[0-9])(?>\.(?4)){3}))$/iDD' random.txt
root@js-17-195:~/lab8# exit
exit

Script done on 2021-05-08 22:04:37-0500
